#EXTM3U x-tvg-url="https://kodi.botallen.com/tv/epg.xml" 
 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000975&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts840" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56386-kfc14w60-v4/imageContent-56386-kfc14w60-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Shirdi Sai Baba
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/554.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000976&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts842" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56389-kfdgngts-v3/imageContent-56389-kfdgngts-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Somnath Temple
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/722.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000977&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts843" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56392-kfdh2tao-v3/imageContent-56392-kfdh2tao-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",ISKCON Mumbai
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3443253.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000985&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts849" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56496-kfgytl14-v3/imageContent-56496-kfgytl14-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Kashi Vishwanath Temple, Varanasi
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5532394.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000129&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts121" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-405-j5jr3sz4-v2/imageContent-405-j5jr3sz4-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Fitness
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3124933.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000642&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts618" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12282-ja02jlp4-v2/imageContent-12282-ja02jlp4-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Beauty
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3399745.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000676&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts641" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23495-jf92iycg-v3/imageContent-23495-jf92iycg-m4.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Cooking
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/6038617.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001111&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts959" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67692-kwmxxw08-v2/imageContent-67692-kwmxxw08-m3.png" group-title="TS null",Tata Play Romance
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1785/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000206&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts191" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-795-j5m7axrc-v1/imageContent-795-j5m7axrc-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD National
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569776.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000007&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts8" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25307-jhrhflww-v1/imageContent-25307-jhrhflww-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",STAR Plus HD
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2970531.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000258&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts244" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6895-j6vqhqnc-v2/imageContent-6895-j6vqhqnc-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Star Bharat HD
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4242467.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000015&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts15" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43-j5fca4k0-v2/imageContent-43-j5fca4k0-m3.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",SET HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/19353.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000585&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts556" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12074-j9oat6qw-v5/imageContent-12074-j9oat6qw-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",SET
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_125/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000047&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts48" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-141-j5fpeji0-v2/imageContent-141-j5fpeji0-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",SONY SAB HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/10997.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000039&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts40" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-117-j5fl7440-v1/imageContent-117-j5fl7440-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",&tv HD
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/21.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000606&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts578" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12129-j9p7kluo-v2/imageContent-12129-j9p7kluo-m3.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",&TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_196/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000065&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts63" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11073-j95e7nyo-v1/imageContent-11073-j95e7nyo-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee TV HD
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696484.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000586&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts557" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12077-j9ob4gm0-v2/imageContent-12077-j9ob4gm0-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2719036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000051&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts52" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-155-j5frd2uo-v1/imageContent-155-j5frd2uo-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors HD
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2057298.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000574&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts543" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12053-j9o3yhko-v1/imageContent-12053-j9o3yhko-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4074.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000096&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts95" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-304-j5ji9otc-v2/imageContent-304-j5ji9otc-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Tata Play Javed Akhtar
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2220379.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001094&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts943" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65443-kty2tkwo-v2/imageContent-65443-kty2tkwo-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Tata Play Videshi Kahaniyan
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1774/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000152&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts142" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-475-j5jx44s8-v1/imageContent-475-j5jx44s8-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",UTV Bindass
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553587.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000662&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts633" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49002-k5cch1cg-v2/imageContent-49002-k5cch1cg-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Investigation Discovery
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4696602.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000643&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts619" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-v3/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-m3.png" group-title="TS Shopping",Naaptol
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_647/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000664&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts634" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21303-je858doo-v2/imageContent-21303-je858doo-m2.png" group-title="TS Shopping",Ezmall
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_872/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000581&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts551" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12060-j9o91vfc-v2/imageContent-12060-j9o91vfc-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",STAR Utsav
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4101.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000457&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts438" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11703-j9ksw12o-v2/imageContent-11703-j9ksw12o-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors Rishtey
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4085.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000053&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts54" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-150-j5frd0jc-v3/imageContent-150-j5frd0jc-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",The Q
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100177.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000312&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts297" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11266-j9j2spmg-v1/imageContent-11266-j9j2spmg-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Big Magic
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/250.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000052&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts51" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-158-j5frd560-v2/imageContent-158-j5frd560-m3.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Dangal
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100163.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000196&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts180" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-765-j5m2mbjk-v2/imageContent-765-j5m2mbjk-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Anjan TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_370/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000917&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts817" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52874-k9afcvs0-v2/imageContent-52874-k9afcvs0-m6.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD Retro
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2960270.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000918&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts818" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52945-ka1wdss8-v2/imageContent-52945-ka1wdss8-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Shemaroo TV
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2894730.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001036&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts888" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60986-klq1vs5s-v2/imageContent-60986-klq1vs5s-m5.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Ishara
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1300/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000344&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts326" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11350-j9jpk8pk-v1/imageContent-11350-j9jpk8pk-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",DD Kisan
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454898.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000896&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts808" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49809-k7454ppk-v3/imageContent-49809-k7454ppk-m6.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Tata Play Hits
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2292664.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000532&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts502" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11927-j9l5h5ko-v2/imageContent-11927-j9l5h5ko-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee Cafe HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_835/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000623&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts602" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12213-j9qm0d4w-v2/imageContent-12213-j9qm0d4w-m2.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Zee Cafe
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_184/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000201&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts187" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1577-j5xrm7fc-v1/imageContent-1577-j5xrm7fc-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors Infinity HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3535150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000573&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts544" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18305-jcqmvp7s-v1/imageContent-18305-jcqmvp7s-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Colors Infinity
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_202/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000876&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts789" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48748-k4jbpl00-v2/imageContent-48748-k4jbpl00-m3.png" group-title="TS Movies",Tata Play Hollywood Local
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631160.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000661&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts632" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-19212-jd2xwa4w-v1/imageContent-19212-jd2xwa4w-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Star GOLD HD
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1493766.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000277&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts245" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9820-j85ijtd4-v1/imageContent-9820-j85ijtd4-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",STAR GOLD HD
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554653.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000076&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts80" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-243-j5fyl2f4-v2/imageContent-243-j5fyl2f4-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY MAX HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630631.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000141&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts132" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-441-j5jt3mmg-v2/imageContent-441-j5jt3mmg-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY MAX
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145102.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000705&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts666" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31419-jmb48u74-v3/imageContent-31419-jmb48u74-m4.png" group-title="TS Movies",Tata Play Theatre HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2490652.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000528&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts503" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11915-j9l5clzs-v1/imageContent-11915-j9l5clzs-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Cinema HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051464.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000131&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts123" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11027-j8yjr8k0-v1/imageContent-11027-j8yjr8k0-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Cinema
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2648345.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000193&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts175" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31233-jli1wlvc-v1/imageContent-31233-jli1wlvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Bollywood
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3253299.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000783&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts727" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42199-jxh2zlj4-v1/imageContent-42199-jxh2zlj4-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Classic
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3771185.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000281&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts267" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11173-j9hth720-v1/imageContent-11173-j9hth720-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",&pictures HD
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2644033.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000162&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts148" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-499-j5jydp7s-v1/imageContent-499-j5jydp7s-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",&pictures
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569786.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000720&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts677" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34170-jok0hf00-v7/imageContent-34170-jok0hf00-m8.PNG" group-title="TS Movies",Tata Play ShortsTV
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3861892.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000056&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts61" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-183-j5fsqz5c-v2/imageContent-183-j5fsqz5c-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",Colors Cineplex HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4092383.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000054&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts53" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-149-j5frd0jc-v2/imageContent-149-j5frd0jc-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",Colors Cineplex
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000785&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts730" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43104-jxzls8yw-v2/imageContent-43104-jxzls8yw-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",B4U Kadak
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_957/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000106&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts100" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11024-j8yix4g8-v1/imageContent-11024-j8yix4g8-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Action
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2122476.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000061&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts56" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-198-j5fsr7mw-v2/imageContent-198-j5fsr7mw-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY WAH
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1478882.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000006&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts7" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18-j5f9ui8g-v1/imageContent-18-j5f9ui8g-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",B4U Movies
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2985036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000128&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts120" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-402-j5jq1gko-v2/imageContent-402-j5jq1gko-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY MAX 2
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974465.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000207&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts194" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-798-j5m7esnc-v3/imageContent-798-j5m7esnc-m10.png" group-title="TS Movies",Enterr10 Movies
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630915.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000311&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts296" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11263-j9j1tch4-v1/imageContent-11263-j9j1tch4-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Bflix Movies
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492508.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000064&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts64" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11090-j95hdh6o-v1/imageContent-11090-j95hdh6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2700571.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000935&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts823" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53943-kblsqraw-v1/imageContent-53943-kblsqraw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Dhinchaak
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2649885.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000793&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts731" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43106-jxzlt6x4-v2/imageContent-43106-jxzlt6x4-m7.png" group-title="TS Movies",Manoranjan TV
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2860708.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001118&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts965" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67799-kx7m7rhc-v1/imageContent-67799-kx7m7rhc-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Manoranjan Grand
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/237247.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000191&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts173" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-748-j5l5fnts-v1/imageContent-748-j5l5fnts-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Movies Now
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_235/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000248&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts234" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1017-j5ngpo2g-v1/imageContent-1017-j5ngpo2g-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",MNX
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_237/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000031&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts32" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-93-j5fjv614-v2/imageContent-93-j5fjv614-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",SONY PIX HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_301/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000530&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts506" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11921-j9l5ek7k-v5/imageContent-11921-j9l5ek7k-m8.png" group-title="TS Movies",&Flix HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_832/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000590&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts592" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25480-ji031jrs-v1/imageContent-25480-ji031jrs-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",&flix
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_186/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000592&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts562" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12095-j9ooixfs-v1/imageContent-12095-j9ooixfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",Movies Now HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484389.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000217&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts210" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-826-j5m9kx5c-v1/imageContent-826-j5m9kx5c-m1.png" group-title="TS Movies",MN+ HD
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449453.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000625&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts599" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12216-j9qm5hjs-v2/imageContent-12216-j9qm5hjs-m2.png" group-title="TS Movies",MNX HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/220505.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000192&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts174" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-751-j5l5kb9k-v3/imageContent-751-j5l5kb9k-m3.png" group-title="TS Movies",Romedy Now
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_236/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000559&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts530" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11165-j9ht50s8-v2/imageContent-11165-j9ht50s8-m5.png" group-title="TS Movies",&Prive HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_431/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000236&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts223" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-941-j5mhk5fc-v1/imageContent-941-j5mhk5fc-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",DD Sports
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2112645.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000077&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts78" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8301-j7hc0820-v1/imageContent-8301-j7hc0820-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports 1 HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779601.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000250&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts235" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1021-j5nj3c68-v1/imageContent-1021-j5nj3c68-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports 2 HD
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2285199.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000020&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts24" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60-j5fdr6a0-v1/imageContent-60-j5fdr6a0-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports 1 Hindi HD
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3141859.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000260&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts246" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-7891-j75vq7k0-v1/imageContent-7891-j75vq7k0-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports Select 1 HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779611.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000486&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts463" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11791-j9kyqpy8-v1/imageContent-11791-j9kyqpy8-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",Star Sports Select 2 HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18038.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000082&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts81" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-261-j5fz9bvk-v3/imageContent-261-j5fz9bvk-m3.png" group-title="TS Sports",SONY TEN 1 HD
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/6381332.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000484&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts462" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11784-j9kylfd4-v1/imageContent-11784-j9kylfd4-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",SONY TEN 2 HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3554785.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000485&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts464" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11787-j9kynnm0-v2/imageContent-11787-j9kynnm0-m2.png" group-title="TS Sports",SONY TEN 3 HD
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4472025.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000036&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts35" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-108-j5fl5wwg-v2/imageContent-108-j5fl5wwg-m2.png" group-title="TS Sports",SONY SIX HD
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3527862.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000907&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts812" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52842-k980h8vc-v1/imageContent-52842-k980h8vc-m2.png" group-title="TS Sports",Eurosport HD
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5047611.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000735&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts693" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35309-jqxwmcq0-v4/imageContent-35309-jqxwmcq0-m4.png" group-title="TS Sports",Eurosport
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326706.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000910&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts815" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52856-k984c4vc-v1/imageContent-52856-k984c4vc-m1.png" group-title="TS Sports",1sports
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326721.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000337&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts322" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11333-j9joxlw8-v2/imageContent-11333-j9joxlw8-m2.png" group-title="TS News",DD News
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1691524.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000194&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts177" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-759-j5m13014-v2/imageContent-759-j5m13014-m3.png" group-title="TS News",ABP News
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000866&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts783" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47647-k2lbp2q8-v2/imageContent-47647-k2lbp2q8-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play Seniors
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817759.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000155&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts179" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-483-j5jx9x48-v1/imageContent-483-j5jx9x48-m1.png" group-title="TS News",NDTV India
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5400440.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000732&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts689" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34652-jpmey8gw-v1/imageContent-34652-jpmey8gw-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Aaj Tak HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2463628.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000171&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts153" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-537-j5kwkd88-v1/imageContent-537-j5kwkd88-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Aaj Tak
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3970762.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000701&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts662" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31373-jlx4j6gw-v2/imageContent-31373-jlx4j6gw-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Tata Play Family Health
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569764.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000273&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts259" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11110-j95ioyag-v1/imageContent-11110-j95ioyag-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee News
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903703.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000103&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts104" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8568-j7lnde80-v1/imageContent-8568-j7lnde80-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2108734.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000224&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts209" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-849-j5m9tmf4-v1/imageContent-849-j5m9tmf4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 24
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001079&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts929" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64069-kra2o75k-v2/imageContent-64069-kra2o75k-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play JEE Prep
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/303.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001078&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts928" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64066-kra2j2qo-v2/imageContent-64066-kra2j2qo-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play NEET Prep
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/292.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000107&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts106" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-339-j5jm6kko-v1/imageContent-339-j5jm6kko-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News18 India
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326688.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000547&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts514" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11978-j9lum7d4-v1/imageContent-11978-j9lum7d4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Hindustan
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2973727.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000740&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts696" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35599-jrm11j9c-v1/imageContent-35599-jrm11j9c-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",R Bharat
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3253285.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000199&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts183" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-774-j5m3h6nk-v1/imageContent-774-j5m3h6nk-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/221.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000038&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts36" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-114-j5fl632o-v1/imageContent-114-j5fl632o-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News Nation
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240938.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000749&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts706" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67672-kwly0m4w-v1/imageContent-67672-kwly0m4w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/200.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000510&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts485" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11859-j9l2n36w-v2/imageContent-11859-j9l2n36w-m2.png" group-title="TS News",TOTAL TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_785/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001083&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts932" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64606-krslbshs-v1/imageContent-64606-krslbshs-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Times Now Navbharat HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/793883.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001117&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts966" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67796-kx7lokw8-v1/imageContent-67796-kx7lokw8-m3.png" group-title="TS null",Times Now Navbharat
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/237239.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000955&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts831" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55547-kdzeosow-v3/imageContent-55547-kdzeosow-m6.png" group-title="TS News",News India 24x7
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167779.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000499&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts475" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11831-j9kzkn40-v1/imageContent-11831-j9kzkn40-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Sudarshan News
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642982.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000301&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts286" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-17573-jclve4rc-v1/imageContent-17573-jclve4rc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",APN News
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/22.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001101&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts950" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66223-ku9gfjug-v1/imageContent-66223-ku9gfjug-m1.png" group-title="TS News",ET Now Swadesh
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1781/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000728&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts685" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34516-jp9bj0qg-v4/imageContent-34516-jp9bj0qg-m4.png" group-title="TS News",India Voice
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_922/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000435&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts415" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11637-j9k0qqog-v3/imageContent-11637-j9k0qqog-m3.png" group-title="TS News",News11 Bharat
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631009.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000434&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts414" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11634-j9k0pbr4-v1/imageContent-11634-j9k0pbr4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 1 India
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_658/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000382&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts344" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11467-j9jr3k80-v2/imageContent-11467-j9jr3k80-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Hindi Khabar
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_564/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000305&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts291" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11243-j9itj54w-v2/imageContent-11243-j9itj54w-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Bharat Samachar
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5402804.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000401&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts384" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11527-j9jtx9hk-v2/imageContent-11527-j9jtx9hk-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Khabarain Abhi Tak
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_596/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000463&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts441" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11719-j9ktg6ds-v2/imageContent-11719-j9ktg6ds-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Samay
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_703/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000984&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts848" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56488-kfgbqzso-v3/imageContent-56488-kfgbqzso-m5.png" group-title="TS News",Network 10
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326676.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000745&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts701" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-37210-jswmlty0-v1/imageContent-37210-jswmlty0-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Jantantra TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4207498.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001013&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts869" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58484-kixj8h6o-v3/imageContent-58484-kixj8h6o-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Prime News
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1145/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000274&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts260" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11120-j95jyuao-v1/imageContent-11120-j95jyuao-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Business
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903708.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000292&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts278" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11206-j9icarsw-v2/imageContent-11206-j9icarsw-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Good News Today
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811112.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000223&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts204" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-846-j5m9p55k-v1/imageContent-846-j5m9p55k-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNBC Awaaz
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4207514.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000216&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts213" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-825-j5m9c6c0-v2/imageContent-825-j5m9c6c0-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Sansad TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2231635.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000227&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts212" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-858-j5ma94ag-v2/imageContent-858-j5ma94ag-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Sansad TV - Rajya Sabha
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5708978.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000219&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts208" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-834-j5m9nrrs-v1/imageContent-834-j5m9nrrs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",NDTV 24x7
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284312.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000509&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts547" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11853-j9l1tvhs-v4/imageContent-11853-j9l1tvhs-m5.png" group-title="TS News",Times Now World
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_779/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000095&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts90" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-303-j5ji8zco-v3/imageContent-303-j5ji8zco-m3.png" group-title="TS News",TIMES NOW
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4140.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000001&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts1" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-3-j5dkuhwo-v1/imageContent-3-j5dkuhwo-m2.png" group-title="TS News",INDIA TODAY
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1460881.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000222&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts206" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-843-j5m9oyzc-v1/imageContent-843-j5m9oyzc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNN News18
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000203&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts189" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8012-j7a2doxc-v1/imageContent-8012-j7a2doxc-m1.png" group-title="TS English News",NewsX
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630912.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000618&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts591" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12189-j9plqlf4-v1/imageContent-12189-j9plqlf4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",MIRROR NOW
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631048.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000269&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts255" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9000-j7rkz0m0-v1/imageContent-9000-j7rkz0m0-m1.png" group-title="TS News",WION
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3215617.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000072&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts72" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-231-j5fxh0ag-v1/imageContent-231-j5fxh0ag-m1.png" group-title="TS News",REPUBLIC TV
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284269.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000709&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts669" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-32183-jncpr4sw-v2/imageContent-32183-jncpr4sw-m2.png" group-title="TS News",India Ahead
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_913/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000342&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts324" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11344-j9jpg7nc-v1/imageContent-11344-j9jpg7nc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",DD India
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739512.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000318&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts304" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11284-j9j4sn4o-v2/imageContent-11284-j9j4sn4o-m2.png" group-title="TS News",CNBC TV18 Prime HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167765.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000092&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts93" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-294-j5ji8n08-v1/imageContent-294-j5ji8n08-m1.png" group-title="TS News",NDTV Profit Prime
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2220352.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000002&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts2" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6-j5f5oyqw-v2/imageContent-6-j5f5oyqw-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travel XP - 4K
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_275/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000186&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts168" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-731-j5l3muhs-v1/imageContent-731-j5l3muhs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNBC-TV18
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1927189.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000089&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts88" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6904-j6vreaps-v1/imageContent-6904-j6vreaps-m1.png" group-title="TS News",ET NOW
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/184.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000257&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts243" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-4154-j69pdmvk-v1/imageContent-4154-j69pdmvk-m1.png" group-title="TS News",CNN
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1500762.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000202&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts188" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-783-j5m4qkww-v1/imageContent-783-j5m4qkww-m1.png" group-title="TS News",BBC World
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640666.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000204&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts190" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-789-j5m5m0uw-v1/imageContent-789-j5m5m0uw-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Al Jazeera
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3524004.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000174&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts157" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-548-j5kxtaig-v1/imageContent-548-j5kxtaig-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Channel News Asia
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4098392.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000139&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts131" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-435-j5jsyz6o-v1/imageContent-435-j5jsyz6o-m1.png" group-title="TS News",France 24
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5870205.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000063&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts65" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-204-j5ftndtc-v1/imageContent-204-j5ftndtc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",TV5 Monde Asie
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696453.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000057&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts60" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-186-j5fsr1go-v1/imageContent-186-j5fsr1go-m1.png" group-title="TS News",DW
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4092328.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000102&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts105" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-324-j5jl5hp4-v2/imageContent-324-j5jl5hp4-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Australia TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4292421.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000098&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts98" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-312-j5jjsfhs-v1/imageContent-312-j5jjsfhs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Russia Today
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240984.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000119&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts114" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1356-j5tdnwmw-v1/imageContent-1356-j5tdnwmw-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Disney
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4540952.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000073&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts71" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25721-jia4i70o-v2/imageContent-25721-jia4i70o-m3.PNG" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play English in Hindi
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284234.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000442&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts433" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11658-j9k5lvgo-v1/imageContent-11658-j9k5lvgo-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Nick HD+
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_663/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000149&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts138" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-465-j5jw9va0-v1/imageContent-465-j5jw9va0-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Nick
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284303.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000650&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts626" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13094-jbdzlsfs-v2/imageContent-13094-jbdzlsfs-m2.png" group-title="TS Kids",Tata Play Fun Learn Preschool
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638522.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000651&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts627" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13097-jbdzn9og-v2/imageContent-13097-jbdzn9og-m2.png" group-title="TS Kids",Tata Play Fun Learn Junior
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451304.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000718&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts681" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34164-jok06xoo-v1/imageContent-34164-jok06xoo-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Cartoon Network HD+
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18056.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000252&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts238" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11161-j99h67u8-v1/imageContent-11161-j99h67u8-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Cartoon Network
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_405/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000253&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts239" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-2694-j638bugw-v1/imageContent-2694-j638bugw-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Pogo
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5581049.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000126&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts119" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24724-jgvwokqw-v1/imageContent-24724-jgvwokqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Discovery Kids
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/19335.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000135&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts127" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8018-j7a7n1a8-v1/imageContent-8018-j7a7n1a8-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Sonic Nickelodeon
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_169/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000044&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts45" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-132-j5fpedbs-v3/imageContent-132-j5fpedbs-m3.png" group-title="TS Kids",SONY YAY!
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_365/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001009&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts867" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57985-khvdchrs-v2/imageContent-57985-khvdchrs-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Gubbare
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1143/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001053&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts905" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62236-kny7yzaw-v1/imageContent-62236-kny7yzaw-m1.png" group-title="TS null",ETV Bal Bharat
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/190502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000310&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts298" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11260-j9j1r154-v1/imageContent-11260-j9j1r154-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Baby TV HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5137035.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000124&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts118" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-390-j5jpps1s-v1/imageContent-390-j5jpps1s-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Nick Jr
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2672019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000157&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts144" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35368-jr3xz7xs-v1/imageContent-35368-jr3xz7xs-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",Disney Junior
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2423338.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000915&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts816" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52868-k9af4lxs-v1/imageContent-52868-k9af4lxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Kids",CBeeBies
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3133132.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000112&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts111" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-352-j5jmrkqw-v2/imageContent-352-j5jmrkqw-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play Smart Manager
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3148177.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000185&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts167" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-703-j5l1wgco-v2/imageContent-703-j5l1wgco-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play Vedic Maths
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449417.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000631&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts605" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12234-j9qoqc54-v1/imageContent-12234-j9qoqc54-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",National Geographic HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/32487.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000433&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts413" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11631-j9k0ndjc-v1/imageContent-11631-j9k0ndjc-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642968.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000361&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts341" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11396-j9jq7jg0-v1/imageContent-11396-j9jq7jg0-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery HD World
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3085468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000233&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts219" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-876-j5mcolzc-v2/imageContent-876-j5mcolzc-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery Channel
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_128/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000297&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts287" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44915-jzuyh3w0-v1/imageContent-44915-jzuyh3w0-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Animal Planet HD World
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2626161.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000138&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts130" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-432-j5jsx754-v4/imageContent-432-j5jsx754-m4.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_129/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000117&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts113" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-369-j5jo9i3s-v1/imageContent-369-j5jo9i3s-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Discovery Science
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100205.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000640&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts616" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12267-j9qx2si0-v2/imageContent-12267-j9qx2si0-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",History TV18 HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/73.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000190&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts172" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-745-j5l54bnc-v1/imageContent-745-j5l54bnc-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",History TV18
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_120/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000483&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts460" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11779-j9kx7rk0-v2/imageContent-11779-j9kx7rk0-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",SONY BBC Earth HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4134883.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001074&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts923" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-63764-kr1kzw28-v2/imageContent-63764-kr1kzw28-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TravelXP 4K HDR
https://deltatesttatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/308733.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000134&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts126" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8017-j7a4nf20-v1/imageContent-8017-j7a4nf20-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",EPIC
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_194/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000371&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts367" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11429-j9jqu3y0-v1/imageContent-11429-j9jqu3y0-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",FOX Life HD
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811124.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000508&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts480" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11858-j9l1v6k8-v3/imageContent-11858-j9l1v6k8-m4.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TLC HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_780/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000145&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts135" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-453-j5jtup5s-v2/imageContent-453-j5jtup5s-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",TLC
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_127/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000147&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts136" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42020-jxb7qjw8-v1/imageContent-42020-jxb7qjw8-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",GOOD TiMES
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2292677.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000242&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts228" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-967-j5mr8tw8-v1/imageContent-967-j5mr8tw8-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Discovery Turbo
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553893.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000511&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts484" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11862-j9l2p61c-v1/imageContent-11862-j9l2p61c-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travelxp HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496622.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000050&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts55" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-157-j5frd4e8-v1/imageContent-157-j5frd4e8-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Travelxp
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_366/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000122&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts117" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-384-j5jpj9hc-v1/imageContent-384-j5jpj9hc-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Food Food
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455096.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000403&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts382" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11544-j9ju5kvc-v2/imageContent-11544-j9ju5kvc-m3.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Zee Zest HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_604/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000529&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts504" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11918-j9l5dbgg-v4/imageContent-11918-j9l5dbgg-m7.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Zee Zest
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_830/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000240&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts227" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-959-j5mipsnk-v1/imageContent-959-j5mipsnk-m1.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",Fashion TV
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3241367.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000426&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts406" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11610-j9jzore8-v1/imageContent-11610-j9jzore8-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV HD+
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2647692.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000104&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts103" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-330-j5jl5on4-v1/imageContent-330-j5jl5on4-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_105/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000150&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts139" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-468-j5jwdbi8-v1/imageContent-468-j5jwdbi8-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",9XM
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2240485.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000100&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts96" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24696-jgrq09a8-v1/imageContent-24696-jgrq09a8-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Zoom
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240979.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000237&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts224" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-946-j5mip6a0-v1/imageContent-946-j5mip6a0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",E24
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2057622.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000425&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts405" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11607-j9jznhvc-v1/imageContent-11607-j9jznhvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV Beats HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1197.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000249&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts236" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1018-j5nhzme0-v1/imageContent-1018-j5nhzme0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MTV Beats
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_402/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000008&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts9" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24-j5fb33y0-v1/imageContent-24-j5fb33y0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",B4U Music
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3127385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000019&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts17" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57-j5fdr2f4-v1/imageContent-57-j5fdr2f4-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Mastiii
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3158956.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000552&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts517" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11993-j9luua9c-v1/imageContent-11993-j9luua9c-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Zing
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18145.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000034&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts39" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-102-j5fl5pyg-v1/imageContent-102-j5fl5pyg-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",9X Jalwa
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5061322.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000652&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts628" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-16105-jcaldhoo-v2/imageContent-16105-jcaldhoo-m5.png" group-title="TS Music",Insync
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_862/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000796&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts733" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44228-jyzbtse0-v1/imageContent-44228-jyzbtse0-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Showbox
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2648337.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000035&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts38" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-105-j5fl5t1k-v1/imageContent-105-j5fl5t1k-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Aastha
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240929.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000041&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts43" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-123-j5fnf1fc-v1/imageContent-123-j5fnf1fc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Sanskar
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2679655.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000362&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts346" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11398-j9jq9xv4-v1/imageContent-11398-j9jq9xv4-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Disha TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/567173.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000465&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts446" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11725-j9kw030w-v3/imageContent-11725-j9kw030w-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Paras TV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4594258.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000420&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts397" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11590-j9jyx4so-v1/imageContent-11590-j9jyx4so-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",MH One Shraddha
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051386.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000472&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts447" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11746-j9kwfmfs-v2/imageContent-11746-j9kwfmfs-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Sadhna TV
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4119911.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000405&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts385" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11547-j9ju62m8-v3/imageContent-11547-j9ju62m8-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Sharnam TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_605/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000444&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts420" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11664-j9kcouh4-v1/imageContent-11664-j9kcouh4-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Peace of Mind
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051407.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000393&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts373" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11507-j9jto5k0-v1/imageContent-11507-j9jto5k0-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Jinvani Channel
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3800634.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000302&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts288" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11236-j9iev7qg-v1/imageContent-11236-j9iev7qg-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Arihant
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477128.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000388&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts594" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12196-j9q3ez54-v1/imageContent-12196-j9q3ez54-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Ishwar TV
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3161401.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000479&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts456" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11767-j9kwretk-v1/imageContent-11767-j9kwretk-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Satsang TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326386.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000481&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts458" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11775-j9kwuk8w-v1/imageContent-11775-j9kwuk8w-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Shubh TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227021.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000294&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts283" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11212-j9icd8jc-v1/imageContent-11212-j9icd8jc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Aastha Bhajan
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903719.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000524&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts500" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11903-j9l4wxy8-v1/imageContent-11903-j9l4wxy8-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Vedic
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562162.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000786&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts728" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43103-jxzlrb0o-v2/imageContent-43103-jxzlrb0o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Subharti TV
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554658.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000854&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts775" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11408-j9jqmlvs-v6/imageContent-11408-j9jqmlvs-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",DIVYA
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554676.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001087&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts935" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65100-kspm2814-v1/imageContent-65100-kspm2814-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Awakening
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1184/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001062&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts911" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62610-koxujv2g-v2/imageContent-62610-koxujv2g-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Santwani
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1316/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000013&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts12" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42-j5fc9b8g-v3/imageContent-42-j5fc9b8g-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Ganga
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115483.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000363&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts350" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11407-j9jqjucg-v1/imageContent-11407-j9jqjucg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Dishum
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477152.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000909&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts814" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52853-k982u9ts-v1/imageContent-52853-k982u9ts-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Biskope
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2852946.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000957&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts830" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55553-kdzetu0o-v3/imageContent-55553-kdzetu0o-m8.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Filamchi Bhojpuri
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2948826.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000197&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts181" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-768-j5m31cfs-v1/imageContent-768-j5m31cfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Bhojpuri Cinema
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974486.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000441&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts431" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11653-j9k1kyn4-v1/imageContent-11653-j9k1kyn4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Oscar Movies Bhojpuri
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2685474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000788&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts729" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43109-jxzlyrjc-v1/imageContent-43109-jxzlyrjc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",B4U Bhojpuri
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_959/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001048&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts899" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62150-knicubns-v2/imageContent-62150-knicubns-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Pasand
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1309/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000972&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts838" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56320-kf6aheeo-v2/imageContent-56320-kf6aheeo-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Kashish News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1130/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000075&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts79" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23223-jeyhnzfs-v1/imageContent-23223-jeyhnzfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2624994.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000671&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts637" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21315-je85i72w-v1/imageContent-21315-je85i72w-m5.png" group-title="TS News",Zee Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18086.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000752&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts709" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-38817-juhtg57c-v2/imageContent-38817-juhtg57c-m2.png" group-title="TS News",ABP Ganga
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3394372.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000184&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts166" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23206-jey39grs-v1/imageContent-23206-jey39grs-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Bihar Jharkhand
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449423.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000021&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts20" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11140-j96syfuo-v1/imageContent-11140-j96syfuo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Bihar Jharkhand
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3141834.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000029&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts30" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9007-j7ss7x80-v1/imageContent-9007-j7ss7x80-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News UP UK
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2219352.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000637&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts613" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12252-j9qrkgu8-v3/imageContent-12252-j9qrkgu8-m2.png" group-title="TS News",News State UP Uttarakhand
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/24405.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000948&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts827" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55124-kd89b0f4-v1/imageContent-55124-kd89b0f4-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Sadhna Plus News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1124/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000330&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts316" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11320-j9jlusp4-v1/imageContent-11320-j9jlusp4-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",DD Bharati
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454813.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000357&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts339" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11389-j9jq2ybk-v1/imageContent-11389-j9jq2ybk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2506888.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000331&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts317" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11321-j9jlxaz4-v1/imageContent-11321-j9jlxaz4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Bihar
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739499.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000220&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts203" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23266-jez523so-v1/imageContent-23266-jez523so-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625164.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000548&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts512" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11981-j9lunvjs-v1/imageContent-11981-j9lunvjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Madhya Pradesh Chattisgarh
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734524.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000026&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts27" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-78-j5fikkk8-v1/imageContent-78-j5fikkk8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",IBC 24
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2970559.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000690&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts652" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25494-ji1a6ym0-v2/imageContent-25494-ji1a6ym0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Bansal News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_885/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000742&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts698" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35622-jrr5mvig-v1/imageContent-35622-jrr5mvig-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",INH 24X7
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2914733.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000168&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts222" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8971-j7rffd40-v1/imageContent-8971-j7rffd40-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News MP CG
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000679&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts643" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31191-jldnwhhs-v1/imageContent-31191-jldnwhhs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News State MP CG
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3554776.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000605&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts577" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12143-j9p7vx9c-v1/imageContent-12143-j9p7vx9c-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Swaraj Express SMBC
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3127354.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000944&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts829" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55112-kd88u9so-v1/imageContent-55112-kd88u9so-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Sadhna News MP CG
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1122/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001050&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts902" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62181-knrp5974-v1/imageContent-62181-knrp5974-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News 24 Madhyapradesh Chattisgarh
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4114.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001088&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts937" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65108-ksr7d028-v1/imageContent-65108-ksr7d028-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Anaadi TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1333/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000347&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts330" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11351-j9jpmdvc-v1/imageContent-11351-j9jpmdvc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2274124.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000221&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts205" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23226-jeyiac80-v1/imageContent-23226-jeyiac80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Rajasthan
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625147.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000610&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts583" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12158-j9pd883k-v1/imageContent-12158-j9pd883k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Rajasthan News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484374.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000686&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts650" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25048-jhir0kko-v1/imageContent-25048-jhir0kko-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",First India Rajasthan
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569767.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000014&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts14" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9012-j7ssufeo-v1/imageContent-9012-j7ssufeo-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News Rajasthan
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4111593.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000004&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts5" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-10-j5f7xqxc-v1/imageContent-10-j5f7xqxc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Patrika TV Rajasthan
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/169.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001015&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts870" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58492-kixkb2ug-v1/imageContent-58492-kixkb2ug-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Jan TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/664890.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000729&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts687" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34519-jp9bwiug-v2/imageContent-34519-jp9bwiug-m5.png" group-title="TS Hindi Regional",A1 TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_927/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001063&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts912" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62613-koxw351c-v1/imageContent-62613-koxw351c-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",Haryana Beats
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/139.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000353&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts332" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11375-j9jpws3k-v1/imageContent-11375-j9jpws3k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",DD Rajasthan
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2627381.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000368&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts354" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11426-j9jqror4-v2/imageContent-11426-j9jqror4-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",News18 Urdu
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/148.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000549&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts518" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11984-j9lup2rc-v2/imageContent-11984-j9lup2rc-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Zee Salaam
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_839/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000179&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts161" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-7906-j7684flk-v1/imageContent-7906-j7684flk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Channel WIN
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_354/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000379&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts365" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11455-j9jqz61k-v2/imageContent-11455-j9jqz61k-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Hindi",Gulistan News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_557/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000320&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts308" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-16764-jcix3xpc-v1/imageContent-16764-jcix3xpc-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Colors Marathi HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4397887.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000144&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts134" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-450-j5jtumug-v2/imageContent-450-j5jtumug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Colors Marathi
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167744.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000533&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts501" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11930-j9l5hv1c-v1/imageContent-11930-j9l5hv1c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Marathi HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7681.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000265&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts251" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8846-j7pq3jmo-v2/imageContent-8846-j7pq3jmo-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Marathi
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_424/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000490&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts469" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11807-j9kyzle8-v1/imageContent-11807-j9kyzle8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Star Pravah HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326439.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000262&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts248" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11136-j96p4r28-v1/imageContent-11136-j96p4r28-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee YUVA
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903671.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000697&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts658" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-30959-jky1nic8-v1/imageContent-30959-jky1nic8-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",SONY MARATHI
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451339.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000550&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts515" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11987-j9lura8g-v1/imageContent-11987-j9lura8g-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Talkies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326517.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000263&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts249" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8842-j7pp0me8-v2/imageContent-8842-j7pp0me8-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Talkies
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_425/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000208&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts192" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-801-j5m7jg34-v2/imageContent-801-j5m7jg34-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Fakt Marathi
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117480.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000886&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts800" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49025-k5lxf84o-v2/imageContent-49025-k5lxf84o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Shemaroo MarathiBana
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/238.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000172&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts155" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-542-j5kwwml4-v2/imageContent-542-j5kwwml4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",ABP Majha
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696550.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000153&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts140" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12140-j9p7vga8-v1/imageContent-12140-j9p7vga8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",News18 Lokmat
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000275&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts261" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11156-j96xbrfk-v1/imageContent-11156-j96xbrfk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee 24 Taas
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903711.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000576&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts546" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12056-j9o5hia8-v1/imageContent-12056-j9o5hia8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Saam TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817634.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000247&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts233" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1014-j5ngcjug-v2/imageContent-1014-j5ngcjug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Jai Maharashtra
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_329/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000099&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts97" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-315-j5jjsht4-v2/imageContent-315-j5jjsht4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",TV9 Marathi
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240976.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000940&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts826" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-54569-kcviihig-v3/imageContent-54569-kcviihig-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Lokshahi
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1121/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000354&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts336" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11378-j9jq0f9s-v1/imageContent-11378-j9jq0f9s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",DD Sahyadri
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000070&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts74" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-225-j5fxgwfk-v1/imageContent-225-j5fxgwfk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",9X Jhakaas
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284240.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000231&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts217" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-870-j5mb6j80-v1/imageContent-870-j5mb6j80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Sangeet Marathi
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145165.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001000&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts861" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57511-kgg03elk-v2/imageContent-57511-kgg03elk-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Zee Vajwa
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1139/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000319&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts305" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11287-j9j4tl2w-v2/imageContent-11287-j9j4tl2w-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Colors Bangla HD
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727663.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000025&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts26" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-75-j5fikj0o-v1/imageContent-75-j5fikj0o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Colors Bangla
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_283/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000546&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts522" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11970-j9luk5ag-v1/imageContent-11970-j9luk5ag-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Zee Bangla HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496587.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000492&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts468" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11813-j9kz0vow-v1/imageContent-11813-j9kz0vow-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Star Jalsha HD
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1313336.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000033&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts34" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-94-j5fjveio-v2/imageContent-94-j5fjveio-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",SONY AATH
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326683.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000084&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts129" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-267-j5j8x17s-v1/imageContent-267-j5j8x17s-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Aakaash Aath
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284258.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000003&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts3" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9-j5f6oezc-v1/imageContent-9-j5f6oezc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Ruposhi Bangla
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115508.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000874&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts788" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48494-k3zd1a80-v1/imageContent-48494-k3zd1a80-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Enterr10 Bangla
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/449677.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000565&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts537" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11514-j9jtp5tk-v1/imageContent-11514-j9jtp5tk-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Jalsha Movies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326416.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000268&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts254" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11009-j8xbk7js-v1/imageContent-11009-j8xbk7js-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2834224.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001045&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts896" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62141-knicrr2g-v1/imageContent-62141-knicrr2g-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Colors Bangla Cinema
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1305/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000399&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts379" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-27017-jjo92wyg-v1/imageContent-27017-jjo92wyg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Khushboo Bangla
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7703.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000101&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts102" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-321-j5jl5g5k-v2/imageContent-321-j5jl5g5k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",ABP Ananda
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2108737.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000272&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts258" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9031-j7u3nz6w-v1/imageContent-9031-j7u3nz6w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Zee 24 Ghanta
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903691.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000402&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts381" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11533-j9jtxqgo-v1/imageContent-11533-j9jtxqgo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Kolkata TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000018&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts23" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-22186-jenuxy6g-v2/imageContent-22186-jenuxy6g-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",News18 Bangla
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3141844.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001018&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts873" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59401-kjudpa1c-v2/imageContent-59401-kjudpa1c-m3.png" group-title="TS null",TV9 Bangla
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1149/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001038&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts890" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61251-klylf4u0-v2/imageContent-61251-klylf4u0-m9.png" group-title="TS News",Republic Bangla
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4562704.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000225&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts207" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-852-j5m9xe80-v1/imageContent-852-j5m9xe80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",News Time Bangla
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3241032.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000323&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts311" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11299-j9j61p1k-v1/imageContent-11299-j9j61p1k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",CTVN AKD Plus
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319443.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000684&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts648" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24685-jgrl9bqg-v1/imageContent-24685-jgrl9bqg-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Calcutta News
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7916.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000328&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts314" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11314-j9j8kcxk-v1/imageContent-11314-j9j8kcxk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",DD Bangla
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4450742.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000229&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts215" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-864-j5mava4o-v1/imageContent-864-j5mava4o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Sangeet Bangla
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100231.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000666&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts635" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21304-je859a3c-v1/imageContent-21304-je859a3c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Zee Telugu HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5166025.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000264&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts250" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8845-j7ppmm28-v3/imageContent-8845-j7ppmm28-m7.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Zee Telugu
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_415/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000376&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts355" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11444-j9jqx6a8-v1/imageContent-11444-j9jqx6a8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Gemini TV HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/334118.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001107&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts956" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66705-kuqnqhwg-v1/imageContent-66705-kuqnqhwg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",STAR Maa HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4168398.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000553&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts516" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25361-jhsvr3nc-v1/imageContent-25361-jhsvr3nc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",STAR Maa HD
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734527.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000370&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts359" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11418-j9jqpvxs-v1/imageContent-11418-j9jqpvxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638465.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000158&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts145" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-492-j5jxvaeo-v1/imageContent-492-j5jxvaeo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Telugu
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_172/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000373&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts361" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11437-j9jqv7ao-v2/imageContent-11437-j9jqv7ao-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Gemini Life
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_549/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000366&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts352" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11423-j9jqqegg-v1/imageContent-11423-j9jqqegg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Plus
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811093.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000617&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts590" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12186-j9plqam8-v2/imageContent-12186-j9plqam8-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Telugu Naaptol
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_485/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000612&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts585" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12164-j9phk5iw-v1/imageContent-12164-j9phk5iw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Vissa TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4242847.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001002&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts862" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57706-kh2c2r8w-v1/imageContent-57706-kh2c2r8w-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Studio Yuva
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1140/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000681&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts645" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23721-jg0fhacg-v2/imageContent-23721-jg0fhacg-m2.PNG" group-title="TS Knowledge",Tata Play English in Telugu
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451330.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000374&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts362" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11438-j9jqvyaw-v1/imageContent-11438-j9jqvyaw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Gemini Movies HD
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2838101.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001108&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts957" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66770-kuwalqkg-v1/imageContent-66770-kuwalqkg-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Star Maa Movies HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5244603.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000408&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts387" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18348-jcqpx9ns-v1/imageContent-18348-jcqpx9ns-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Star Maa Movies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319471.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001106&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts954" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66595-kupdpd9k-v1/imageContent-66595-kupdpd9k-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Star Maa Gold
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5223418.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000407&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts388" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11553-j9julvag-v3/imageContent-11553-j9julvag-m6.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Star Maa Gold
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/92.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000665&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts636" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21307-je859sm0-v1/imageContent-21307-je859sm0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Zee Cinemalu HD
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2644013.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000266&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts252" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8849-j7pqmypc-v2/imageContent-8849-j7pqmypc-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Zee Cinemalu
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_416/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000136&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts128" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-426-j5jsm1wo-v1/imageContent-426-j5jsm1wo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Cinema
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696523.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000283&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts268" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11182-j9i3o5pc-v1/imageContent-11182-j9i3o5pc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Life
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000369&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts358" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11417-j9jqpcnc-v1/imageContent-11417-j9jqpcnc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",ETV Abhiruchi
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477133.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000620&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts596" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12260-j9qv0lz4-v1/imageContent-12260-j9qv0lz4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Sakshi TV
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18102.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000160&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts146" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-498-j5jy7i80-v1/imageContent-498-j5jy7i80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Andhra Pradesh
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779620.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000334&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts320" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11329-j9jot000-v2/imageContent-11329-j9jot000-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",TV5 News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3367038.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000010&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts11" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-30-j5fc0v80-v2/imageContent-30-j5fc0v80-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",TV9 Telugu
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/54.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000238&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts225" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-951-j5mipdzs-v1/imageContent-951-j5mipdzs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ABN Andhra Jyothy
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3241370.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000048&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts49" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-145-j5fpfoe8-v1/imageContent-145-j5fpfoe8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",T News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640605.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000288&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts274" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11194-j9i4cz80-v1/imageContent-11194-j9i4cz80-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",V6 News
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811107.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000080&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts83" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-255-j5fz95pc-v1/imageContent-255-j5fz95pc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",ETV Telangana
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449410.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000383&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts349" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11470-j9jr4uio-v1/imageContent-11470-j9jr4uio-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",HM TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2044287.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000455&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts430" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11697-j9kjhxs0-v3/imageContent-11697-j9kjhxs0-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Raj News Telugu
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326422.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000280&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts266" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-17564-jclrk6pk-v1/imageContent-17564-jclrk6pk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",10 TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_433/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000858&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts774" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47248-k1vn9ouw-v2/imageContent-47248-k1vn9ouw-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",4tv News
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454967.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000993&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts855" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57234-kg1or674-v2/imageContent-57234-kg1or674-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Vidya
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1137/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000994&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts856" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57237-kg1pr3eo-v2/imageContent-57237-kg1pr3eo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Nipuna
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1138/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000355&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts337" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11381-j9jq1pkg-v1/imageContent-11381-j9jq1pkg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",DD Saptagiri
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739517.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000358&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts548" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11392-j9jq3lgw-v3/imageContent-11392-j9jq3lgw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",DD Yadagiri
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4144008.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000453&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts429" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11691-j9kj50i0-v1/imageContent-11691-j9kj50i0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Raj Musix Telugu
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2142.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000304&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts290" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11242-j9irisyw-v2/imageContent-11242-j9irisyw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Bhakti TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/76.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000471&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts445" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11745-j9kwb568-v2/imageContent-11745-j9kwb568-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Shubhavaarta TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_716/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000298&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts285" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11224-j9iclykw-v1/imageContent-11224-j9iclykw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Aradana TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_460/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000364&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts351" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33495-jnqw9k9c-v4/imageContent-33495-jnqw9k9c-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Swara Sagar
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_533/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000655&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts630" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18536-jct505dc-v2/imageContent-18536-jct505dc-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Hindu Dharmam
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/151.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000542&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts521" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11960-j9lu9vow-v1/imageContent-11960-j9lu9vow-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sun TV HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2643861.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000501&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts474" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11837-j9kzms9s-v2/imageContent-11837-j9kzms9s-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sun Life
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_756/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000526&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts496" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11909-j9l52epk-v2/imageContent-11909-j9l52epk-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Star Vijay HD
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562165.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000271&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts257" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9006-j7rlwsns-v2/imageContent-9006-j7rlwsns-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Zee Tamil
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_429/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000713&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts674" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33814-jo5jba9s-v3/imageContent-33814-jo5jba9s-m3.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Colors Tamil HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167771.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000438&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts418" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21152-je6orzfk-v1/imageContent-21152-je6orzfk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Colors Tamil
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000750&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts708" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-38738-juc4a1ig-v5/imageContent-38738-juc4a1ig-m8.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",Jaya TV HD
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2984980.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000214&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts200" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-819-j5m8fsfs-v1/imageContent-819-j5m8fsfs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Kalaignar TV
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117489.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000456&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts439" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11700-j9ksbotk-v1/imageContent-11700-j9ksbotk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Raj TV
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4183362.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000097&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts99" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44904-jzu8ri4o-v1/imageContent-44904-jzu8ri4o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",D Tamil
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240991.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000449&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts426" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11679-j9khnqag-v1/imageContent-11679-j9khnqag-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Raj Digital Plus
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227027.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000037&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts37" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-111-j5fl5xo8-v1/imageContent-111-j5fl5xo8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Mega TV
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3240952.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000774&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts723" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-41267-jwjjvrt4-v3/imageContent-41267-jwjjvrt4-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Tamil Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_954/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000523&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts499" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11900-j9l4vygg-v1/imageContent-11900-j9l4vygg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Vasanth TV
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2458442.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000615&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts611" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12244-j9qq7k1c-v1/imageContent-12244-j9qq7k1c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sirippoli
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3808187.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000286&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts272" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11188-j9i480zc-v1/imageContent-11188-j9i480zc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Polimer TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319454.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000411&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts392" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11565-j9jv0np4-v1/imageContent-11565-j9jv0np4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Makkal TV
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2107642.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000593&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts563" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12098-j9oom4eo-v2/imageContent-12098-j9oom4eo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Moon TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_635/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000699&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts659" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31187-jldgeg1k-v2/imageContent-31187-jldgeg1k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Vendhar TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_815/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000400&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts380" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11536-j9jty5w8-v1/imageContent-11536-j9jty5w8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",KTV HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2122483.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000213&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts201" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-816-j5m8dqd4-v1/imageContent-816-j5m8dqd4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",J Movies
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2220489.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000884&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts797" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49016-k5lx1za0-v2/imageContent-49016-k5lx1za0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Zee Thirai
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2648363.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001065&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts914" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62861-kpdll0iw-v1/imageContent-62861-kpdll0iw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sony Ten 4
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/41.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000464&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts444" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11724-j9kvwnkg-v1/imageContent-11724-j9kvwnkg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Travelxp Tamil
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484361.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001005&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts863" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57764-khdq3smg-v2/imageContent-57764-khdq3smg-m2.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Kalvi TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1142/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000235&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts220" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-882-j5mdrg4o-v1/imageContent-882-j5mdrg4o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Puthiya Thalaimurai
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145201.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000544&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts524" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11966-j9luich4-v1/imageContent-11966-j9luich4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Thanthi TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496608.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000211&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts198" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-810-j5m84h14-v1/imageContent-810-j5m84h14-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Jaya Plus
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145147.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000022&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts21" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66-j5ff8qio-v1/imageContent-66-j5ff8qio-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",News 7 Tamil
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3339619.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000537&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts509" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11942-j9lthi34-v1/imageContent-11942-j9lthi34-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Polimer News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2646807.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000059&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts58" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-192-j5fsr3s0-v1/imageContent-192-j5fsr3s0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",News18 Tamil Nadu
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455053.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000042&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts44" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-126-j5fnf4ig-v2/imageContent-126-j5fnf4ig-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Seithigal TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_349/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000554&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts525" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12002-j9nrtf08-v2/imageContent-12002-j9nrtf08-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Raj News Tamil
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_372/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000478&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts455" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11764-j9kwqj6o-v1/imageContent-11764-j9kwqj6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Sathiyam TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326432.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000412&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts391" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11566-j9jv2rbc-v1/imageContent-11566-j9jv2rbc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",MalaiMurasu Seithigal
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631012.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000313&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts299" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11267-j9j323l4-v1/imageContent-11267-j9j323l4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Captain News
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2815385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000744&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts702" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-37207-jswmhmpk-v1/imageContent-37207-jswmhmpk-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",News J
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819815.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000351&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts334" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11369-j9jpvzjs-v1/imageContent-11369-j9jpvzjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",DD Podhigai
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454859.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000210&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts199" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-807-j5m7zoyo-v1/imageContent-807-j5m7zoyo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Jaya Max
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640682.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000450&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts425" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11682-j9khxjoo-v1/imageContent-11682-j9khxjoo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Raj Musix
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227030.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000683&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts647" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24578-jgotgry0-v1/imageContent-24578-jgotgry0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Isaiaruvi
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819806.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000428&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts411" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11616-j9k04eo0-v1/imageContent-11616-j9k04eo0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Murasu TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051397.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000460&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts434" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11712-j9kt9fbs-v2/imageContent-11712-j9kt9fbs-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Jothi TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051428.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000410&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts390" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11562-j9juzmns-v1/imageContent-11562-j9juzmns-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Madha TV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811115.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000300&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts282" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11230-j9icx1i0-v1/imageContent-11230-j9icx1i0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Angel TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_456/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000430&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts408" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11622-j9k0845k-v2/imageContent-11622-j9k0845k-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Nambikkai TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_651/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000517&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts490" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11882-j9l3qcrs-v1/imageContent-11882-j9l3qcrs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Telugu",SVBC 2
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734546.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000868&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts785" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48007-k3jkp6y8-v2/imageContent-48007-k3jkp6y8-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Tata Play Kannada Cinema
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2917672.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000518&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts492" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11883-j9l3rjzc-v1/imageContent-11883-j9l3rjzc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Udaya TV HD
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/38.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000636&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts612" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12249-j9qr87hc-v5/imageContent-12249-j9qr87hc-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Colors Kannada HD
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2761642.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000109&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts108" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-345-j5jmkws0-v2/imageContent-345-j5jmkws0-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Colors Kannada
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4123.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000494&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts467" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11816-j9kz224o-v1/imageContent-11816-j9kz224o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Star Suvarna HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/17984.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000714&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts675" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33827-jo5kcr1c-v4/imageContent-33827-jo5kcr1c-m5.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Zee Kannada HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_917/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000270&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts256" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11030-j8yk2g3s-v1/imageContent-11030-j8yk2g3s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Zee Kannada
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903682.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000392&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts372" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12323-jaa5pzxs-v1/imageContent-12323-jaa5pzxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Jeevan TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_588/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000562&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts533" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18308-jcqnzl68-v1/imageContent-18308-jcqnzl68-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Colors SUPER
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2109512.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000596&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts566" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-45791-k0696crk-v2/imageContent-45791-k0696crk-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Kannada Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_649/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001091&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts940" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65190-ktai1xtk-v1/imageContent-65190-ktai1xtk-m1.png" group-title="TS null",SIRIKANNADA Alltime
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1771/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000243&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts231" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1002-j5nf74c0-v1/imageContent-1002-j5nf74c0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Udaya Movies
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5554941.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000570&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts540" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12038-j9o0554o-v2/imageContent-12038-j9o0554o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Star Suvarna Plus
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4452817.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000706&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts667" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31454-jmirfosw-v2/imageContent-31454-jmirfosw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Colors Kannada Cinema
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2734036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000901&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts810" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52310-k7bd8ixk-v2/imageContent-52310-k7bd8ixk-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Zee Picchar
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2721311.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000700&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts661" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31188-jldk0joo-v2/imageContent-31188-jldk0joo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Public Movies
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_894/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000215&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts196" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-822-j5m8ivjs-v1/imageContent-822-j5m8ivjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Kasthuri
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2974809.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000169&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts152" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-531-j5kuelug-v2/imageContent-531-j5kuelug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",TV9 Kannada
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145105.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000543&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts555" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11963-j9lui4rc-v3/imageContent-11963-j9lui4rc-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Asianet Suvarna News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3808171.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000032&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts33" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-98-j5fjwu7s-v2/imageContent-98-j5fjwu7s-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Public TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/57.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000085&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts85" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9824-j85wb88o-v1/imageContent-9824-j85wb88o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",News18 Kannada
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3296932.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000654&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts629" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-19066-jczvvocg-v1/imageContent-19066-jczvvocg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",TV5 Kannada
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3114960.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000539&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts510" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11948-j9ltrfc8-v1/imageContent-11948-j9ltrfc8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Raj News Kannada
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3260084.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000360&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts342" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11397-j9jq7rxk-v1/imageContent-11397-j9jq7rxk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Dighvijay 24x7 News
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903729.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000934&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts824" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53941-kblrui1c-v3/imageContent-53941-kblrui1c-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Power TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1119/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001064&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts913" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62858-kpdlcyeg-v2/imageContent-62858-kpdlcyeg-m2.png" group-title="TS null",News 1st
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1320/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000338&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts321" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11338-j9jozdxs-v1/imageContent-11338-j9jozdxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",DD Chandana
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051449.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000451&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts427" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11685-j9kipky0-v1/imageContent-11685-j9kipky0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Raj Musix Kannada
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326419.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000448&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts424" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11676-j9khi3cw-v1/imageContent-11676-j9khi3cw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Public Music
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817608.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000502&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts477" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11788-j9kypa94-v1/imageContent-11788-j9kypa94-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Sri Sankara TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/130.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000698&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts660" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11257-j9iy8oj4-v2/imageContent-11257-j9iy8oj4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Ayush TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_893/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000108&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts107" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-340-j5jmiei0-v1/imageContent-340-j5jmiei0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Colors Gujarati
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2727349.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000853&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts772" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47224-k1uh5c4g-v2/imageContent-47224-k1uh5c4g-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Tata Play Gujarati Cinema
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817752.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000736&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts692" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35306-jqxwmaeo-v1/imageContent-35306-jqxwmaeo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Colors Gujarati Cinema
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496678.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000515&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts489" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11874-j9l376yg-v2/imageContent-11874-j9l376yg-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",TV9 Gujarati
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642975.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000583&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts552" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12068-j9o9t9jc-v1/imageContent-12068-j9o9t9jc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Gujarat Samachar TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496644.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000613&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts586" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12167-j9phnio0-v1/imageContent-12167-j9phnio0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Sandesh News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484392.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000317&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts303" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11281-j9j4lf3k-v1/imageContent-11281-j9j4lf3k-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",CNBC Bajaar
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727660.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000005&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts6" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-15-j5f97j2o-v4/imageContent-15-j5f97j2o-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",News18 Gujarati
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/77.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000071&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts73" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-228-j5fxgzio-v2/imageContent-228-j5fxgzio-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",ABP Asmita
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284231.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000527&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts497" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11912-j9l58n8w-v1/imageContent-11912-j9l58n8w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",VTV Gujarati
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819769.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000531&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts507" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11924-j9l5fs6w-v3/imageContent-11924-j9l5fs6w-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",Zee 24 Kalak
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631043.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000692&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts654" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-26589-jj9w5h54-v1/imageContent-26589-jj9w5h54-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",India News Gujarat
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4160851.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001039&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts891" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61443-kmbf79yw-v1/imageContent-61443-kmbf79yw-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Mantavya News
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/36.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000341&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts323" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11341-j9jpdu00-v1/imageContent-11341-j9jpdu00-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Gujarati",DD Girnar
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/110.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000114&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts115" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-355-j5jndjn4-v1/imageContent-355-j5jndjn4-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Colors Oriya
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640617.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000621&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts597" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12207-j9qlt5vk-v2/imageContent-12207-j9qlt5vk-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Zee Sarthak
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2734062.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000251&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts237" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1026-j5njmv3s-v1/imageContent-1026-j5njmv3s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Tarang TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2109372.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000049&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts50" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-146-j5fpfs94-v1/imageContent-146-j5fpfs94-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Tarang Music
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640585.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000443&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts419" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11659-j9kbj2m8-v1/imageContent-11659-j9kbj2m8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",OTV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819742.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000445&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts421" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11667-j9kdkb6w-v1/imageContent-11667-j9kdkb6w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Tamil",Peppers TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2325119.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000598&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts568" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12107-j9ooxqm8-v1/imageContent-12107-j9ooxqm8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Prarthana TV
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2118952.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000276&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts262" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35649-jrz9mhq0-v1/imageContent-35649-jrz9mhq0-m1.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Zee Odisha
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903716.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000396&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts376" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12271-j9to48zc-v1/imageContent-12271-j9to48zc-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Kanak News
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638473.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000395&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts375" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11513-j9jtooug-v1/imageContent-11513-j9jtooug-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Kalinga TV
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903724.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000040&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts41" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13243-jbirprzs-v1/imageContent-13243-jbirprzs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",News18 Odia
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2727326.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000027&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts28" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-81-j5fjuw00-v1/imageContent-81-j5fjuw00-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Alankar
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2219370.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000932&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts822" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53933-kblphk60-v1/imageContent-53933-kblphk60-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Manjari
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326697.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000467&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts448" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11733-j9kw4100-v4/imageContent-11733-j9kw4100-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",News7
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_676/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000893&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts805" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49597-k6k8ts8g-v2/imageContent-49597-k6k8ts8g-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Nandighosha TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_993/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001058&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts907" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62573-kop7duow-v6/imageContent-62573-kop7duow-m9.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",Argus News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1314/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000350&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts333" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11366-j9jpvkw0-v1/imageContent-11366-j9jpvkw0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Odia",DD Odia
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454829.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000244&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts230" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1005-j5nfiy9c-v1/imageContent-1005-j5nfiy9c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Surya TV
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1416426.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000306&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts292" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11246-j9iw5g74-v3/imageContent-11246-j9iw5g74-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001104&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts953" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66564-kup0jo0w-v1/imageContent-66564-kup0jo0w-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet Plus
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1060172.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000308&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts294" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11254-j9ixwlcg-v1/imageContent-11254-j9ixwlcg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet Plus
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477140.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000737&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts694" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35312-jqy146c8-v3/imageContent-35312-jqy146c8-m8.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Zee Keralam HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_933/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000727&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts684" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9003-j7rlh2aw-v2/imageContent-9003-j7rlh2aw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Zee Keralam
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2643036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000009&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts10" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-27-j5fbpbbs-v1/imageContent-27-j5fbpbbs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Flowers
https://delta1tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3612689.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000195&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts178" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-762-j5m21xqw-v1/imageContent-762-j5m21xqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Amrita TV
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2640649.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000415&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts395" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11577-j9jv8mqg-v1/imageContent-11577-j9jv8mqg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Mazhavil Manorama HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/81.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000030&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts31" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-90-j5fjv4hk-v1/imageContent-90-j5fjv4hk-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Mazhavil Manorama
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_320/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000011&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts25" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33-j5fc5fko-v1/imageContent-33-j5fc5fko-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Kairali TV
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115492.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000582&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts553" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12065-j9o9phqg-v1/imageContent-12065-j9o9phqg-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",We TV
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001055&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts904" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62245-kny89ag0-v2/imageContent-62245-kny89ag0-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Malayalam Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1313/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000245&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts229" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1008-j5nfqjeo-v1/imageContent-1008-j5nfqjeo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Surya Movies
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454889.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001085&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts933" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64891-ks8v01o8-v1/imageContent-64891-ks8v01o8-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Asianet Movies - Hot Star Feed
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/29273.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000307&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts293" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11251-j9ixmaz4-v1/imageContent-11251-j9ixmaz4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet Movies
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727652.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000459&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts436" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11709-j9kt6bg0-v1/imageContent-11709-j9kt6bg0-m1.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Safari TV
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2734019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000561&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts532" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12020-j9ntf12w-v1/imageContent-12020-j9ntf12w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Asianet News
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496637.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000226&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts211" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-855-j5ma1eig-v2/imageContent-855-j5ma1eig-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Kairali News
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/47.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000087&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts87" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-279-j5jcwqts-v1/imageContent-279-j5jcwqts-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Manorama News
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117328.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000414&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts394" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11572-j9jv7wi0-v1/imageContent-11572-j9jv7wi0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Mathrubhumi News
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4752209.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000062&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts66" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12309-ja9ac8n4-v1/imageContent-12309-ja9ac8n4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",News18 Kerala
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696471.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000390&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts370" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11495-j9jtg2ns-v2/imageContent-11495-j9jtg2ns-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Jaihind TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_581/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000604&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts576" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12137-j9p7pmeo-v2/imageContent-12137-j9p7pmeo-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Media One
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4576460.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000284&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts270" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11179-j9i3nhs8-v2/imageContent-11179-j9i3nhs8-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Janam TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_584/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000398&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts378" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11524-j9jtu07c-v2/imageContent-11524-j9jtu07c-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Kaumudy TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_595/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000454&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts428" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11694-j9kjc0tc-v1/imageContent-11694-j9kjc0tc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Raj News Malayalam
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2914715.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000885&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts799" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49022-k5lxarmw-v2/imageContent-49022-k5lxarmw-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Twenty Four
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_990/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000922&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts820" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53493-kaz5h2kg-v2/imageContent-53493-kaz5h2kg-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",KITE Victers
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4121224.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000452&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts541" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11688-j9kiz1zs-v1/imageContent-11688-j9kiz1zs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Raj Musix Malayalam
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496615.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000397&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts377" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11520-j9jtr0y8-v1/imageContent-11520-j9jtr0y8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Kappa TV
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727668.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000282&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts269" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11176-j9i3lv54-v2/imageContent-11176-j9i3lv54-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Goodness
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_555/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000377&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts356" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11449-j9jqxsns-v1/imageContent-11449-j9jqxsns-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",God TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000480&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts457" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11772-j9kwsqns-v1/imageContent-11772-j9kwsqns-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Shalom TV
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2227018.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000381&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts348" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35638-jruyxl0g-v4/imageContent-35638-jruyxl0g-m7.PNG" group-title="TS Regional Malayalam",Harvest TV 24x7
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_559/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000130&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts122" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-408-j5jr93k8-v1/imageContent-408-j5jr93k8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Punjabi
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696497.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000418&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts399" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11586-j9jyt26w-v1/imageContent-11586-j9jyt26w-m1.png" group-title="TS Music",MH One
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819725.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000648&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts624" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12931-jb64agig-v1/imageContent-12931-jb64agig-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Pitaara TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817685.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000881&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts794" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48860-k4nlxy14-v2/imageContent-48860-k4nlxy14-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Punjabi Gold
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3822887.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000609&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts580" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12155-j9pd5ug8-v1/imageContent-12155-j9pd5ug8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326442.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000094&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts91" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-300-j5ji8seo-v1/imageContent-300-j5ji8seo-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC News
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145095.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000246&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts232" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1011-j5ng33kg-v1/imageContent-1011-j5ng33kg-m1.png" group-title="TS News",News18 Punjab Haryana Himachal
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100234.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000386&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts366" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11482-j9jsdwfk-v1/imageContent-11482-j9jsdwfk-m1.jpg" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",India News Punjab
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492511.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000012&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts13" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8968-j7rcix2w-v1/imageContent-8968-j7rcix2w-m1.png" group-title="TS News",India News Haryana
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3115511.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000391&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts371" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11502-j9jtlmi8-v3/imageContent-11502-j9jtlmi8-m4.png" group-title="TS News",Janta TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_585/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000419&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts401" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11587-j9jyvxl4-v1/imageContent-11587-j9jyvxl4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",MH One News
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631006.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000871&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts787" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48498-k3zd4bsg-v1/imageContent-48498-k3zd4bsg-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",ANB NEWS
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4452806.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000996&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts793" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57445-kg7p5yk8-v2/imageContent-57445-kg7p5yk8-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Living India News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_984/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001109&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts958" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67324-kvtkevog-v1/imageContent-67324-kvtkevog-m4.png" group-title="TS null",ABP Sanjha
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1784/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000352&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts335" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11374-j9jpwgiw-v1/imageContent-11374-j9jpwgiw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",DD Punjabi
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739529.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000093&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts92" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-297-j5ji8qv4-v1/imageContent-297-j5ji8qv4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Chak De
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2220359.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000055&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts62" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-180-j5fsqxls-v1/imageContent-180-j5fsqxls-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",9X Tashan
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455039.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001073&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts922" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-63498-kqq89g5k-v2/imageContent-63498-kqq89g5k-m3.png" group-title="TS null",PTC Music
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1322/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001089&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts936" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65113-ksr86jc0-v1/imageContent-65113-ksr86jc0-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Punjabi Hits
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1334/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000205&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts193" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-792-j5m75dww-v1/imageContent-792-j5m75dww-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Chardikla Time TV
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100220.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000855&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts773" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47242-k1vmve74-v1/imageContent-47242-k1vmve74-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",PTC Simran
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_968/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000597&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts567" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12106-j9ooxpug-v2/imageContent-12106-j9ooxpug-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Nepal 1
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_657/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000105&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts101" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-333-j5jl5q6o-v1/imageContent-333-j5jl5q6o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Rang
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2727342.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000228&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts214" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-860-j5mao56o-v1/imageContent-860-j5mao56o-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Rengoni TV
https://delta2tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3117502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000387&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts368" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11485-j9jsysqw-v1/imageContent-11485-j9jsysqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Indradhanu
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3550131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000367&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts353" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11411-j9jqocds-v1/imageContent-11411-j9jqocds-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DY 365
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2115400.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000067&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts68" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12390-jai3fgy0-v1/imageContent-12390-jai3fgy0-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",News18 Assam North East
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553537.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000239&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts226" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-956-j5mipkxs-v1/imageContent-956-j5mipkxs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",NEWS LIVE
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145171.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000234&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts221" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-879-j5mdmlqw-v1/imageContent-879-j5mdmlqw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Protidin Time
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3145168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000447&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts423" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11673-j9kfe73s-v1/imageContent-11673-j9kfe73s-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Prag News
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817627.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000440&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts417" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11644-j9k1gjow-v1/imageContent-11644-j9k1gjow-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",North East Live
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051419.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001043&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts894" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61722-kmprxffs-v1/imageContent-61722-kmprxffs-m2.png" group-title="TS null",NKTV 24x7
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4938758.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001047&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts898" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62147-knict3og-v1/imageContent-62147-knict3og-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Hornbill TV
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/190490.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000349&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts331" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11363-j9jprc40-v1/imageContent-11363-j9jprc40-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DD North East
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454826.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000343&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts325" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11345-j9jpidkw-v1/imageContent-11345-j9jpidkw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",DD Kashir
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454821.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000466&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts449" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11728-j9kw1zp4-v1/imageContent-11728-j9kw1zp4-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Others",Ramdhenu
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326400.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000895&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts806" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49636-k6lo3yfc-v1/imageContent-49636-k6lo3yfc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Boogle Bollywood
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/263.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000879&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts790" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48807-k4m7ud0o-v2/imageContent-48807-k4m7ud0o-m2.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Ek Onkar
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/371.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000878&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts791" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48804-k4m7nz2w-v1/imageContent-48804-k4m7nz2w-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Fateh TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/353.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000894&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts807" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49633-k6lny7mw-v1/imageContent-49633-k6lny7mw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",In Goa 24x7
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/279.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001092&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts766" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65193-ktazlcj4-v1/imageContent-65193-ktazlcj4-m1.png" group-title="TS News",ITV 24
https://cable3tatasky.akamaized.net/Itv24dash/live.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000864&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts782" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47615-k2jwaqug-v1/imageContent-47615-k2jwaqug-m3.png" group-title="TS Regional Kannada",Namma TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/571.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000863&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts781" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47612-k2jw4vfc-v1/imageContent-47612-k2jw4vfc-m4.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",Prudent
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/155.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000919&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts819" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53443-kanbrwjs-v1/imageContent-53443-kanbrwjs-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Marathi",RDX Goa
https://cable9tatasky.akamaized.net/rdxgoa/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000968&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts837" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56259-kf4te7xs-v1/imageContent-56259-kf4te7xs-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Hare Krsna
https://dmewjyfrjf65h.cloudfront.net/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000981&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts845" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56404-kfet9quw-v1/imageContent-56404-kfet9quw-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Wah Punjabi
https://cable8tatasky.akamaized.net/wahpunjabi/45f5bff56a47f9ebb68595aac72db8b0.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000979&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts846" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56399-kfesi49c-v1/imageContent-56399-kfesi49c-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Punjabi",Haryanvi Hits
https://cable6tatasky.akamaized.net/haryanvihits/8b04821feb065f68858c15c98f4ec736.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000980&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts847" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56402-kfesiz4g-v1/imageContent-56402-kfesiz4g-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Krishna Vani
https://cable7tatasky.akamaized.net/KRISHNAVAANI/cdb4d5121f9b2fa38a5e58ce4284414e.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001007&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts865" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57966-khtydrm8-v1/imageContent-57966-khtydrm8-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Bangla Bhakti
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/189.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001008&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts866" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57969-khu0zsnc-v1/imageContent-57969-khu0zsnc-m1.png" group-title="TS Regional Bengali",Tara News
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/696.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001031&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts882" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60930-kljn4aps-v1/imageContent-60930-kljn4aps-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Garv Punjab
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/301.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001030&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts887" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60927-kljn2znc-v1/imageContent-60927-kljn2znc-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Garv Gurbani
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/319.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001032&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts883" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60933-kljn4c9c-v1/imageContent-60933-kljn4c9c-m1.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Swar Shree
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/337.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001042&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts893" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61633-kmlgwaww-v1/imageContent-61633-kmlgwaww-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Valam TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/700.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001059&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts908" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62599-koxtswe0-v1/imageContent-62599-koxtswe0-m2.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Nimbark TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/640.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001060&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts909" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62604-koxudetc-v1/imageContent-62604-koxudetc-m1.png" group-title="TS News",Dainik Savera
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/429.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001061&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts910" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62607-koxuikrs-v1/imageContent-62607-koxuikrs-m1.png" group-title="TS News",C News Bharat
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/440.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001029&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts880" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59672-kk74t9r4-v1/imageContent-59672-kk74t9r4-m3.png" group-title="TS Knowledge",Outdoor Channel
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/247.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000074&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts75" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-237-j5fxi6q8-v2/imageContent-237-j5fxi6q8-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Tata Play Acting Adda
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284272.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001082&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts931" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64523-krkg6p88-v1/imageContent-64523-krkg6p88-m1.png" group-title="TS Entertainment",Green Chillies TV
https://cable5tatasky.akamaized.net/live/GreenChillies_Playout-Main/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001040&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts892" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61629-kmlgw3yw-v1/imageContent-61629-kmlgw3yw-m2.png" group-title="TS News",Samara News
https://cable2tatasky.akamaized.net/live/5.stream/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001095&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts944" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65966-ku6es6wo-v4/imageContent-65966-ku6es6wo-m4.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Iskcon Vrindavan
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/579.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001096&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts945" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65969-ku6f2ozs-v3/imageContent-65969-ku6f2ozs-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Nanded Saheb Maharashtra
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001097&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts946" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65974-ku6fq8zk-v3/imageContent-65974-ku6fq8zk-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Govind Devji Jaipur
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/485.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001098&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts947" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65977-ku6g2hko-v3/imageContent-65977-ku6g2hko-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Patna Sahib Patna
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/496.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001099&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts948" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65980-ku6g9jfk-v3/imageContent-65980-ku6g9jfk-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Naina Devi Himachal Pradesh
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/507.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001100&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts949" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65985-ku6gly6w-v3/imageContent-65985-ku6gly6w-m3.png" group-title="TS Spiritual",Live Sri Naga Sai Mandir Coimbatore
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/536.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001112&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts960" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67700-kwoeo240-v2/imageContent-67700-kwoeo240-m2.png" group-title="TS null",Atmadarshan
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/658.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001113&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts961" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67703-kwog27o0-v1/imageContent-67703-kwog27o0-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Lakshya TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/675.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001114&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts963" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67706-kwogiyag-v1/imageContent-67706-kwogiyag-m1.png" group-title="TS null",Punjab Plus
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/691.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001115&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMzgwNjExMzU4IiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YzA3NTdjOS1iOTVjLTQzMGQtOWE5ZS0yNjY2N2JmN2M3NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ0MTQxNDU2LCJuYW1lIjoidW5kZWZpbmVkIiwiaWF0IjoxNjQ0MDU1MDU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwNzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAxNTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA0NzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA1MDAifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA2NDcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA3MTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDA5ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEwNTEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMjQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDExMzEifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyNzQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEyOTYifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzMDMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDEzNjgifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1MTIifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE1NzMifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2ODUifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE2OTQifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDE4MTcifSx7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fTW9iaWxlX1N0cmVhbWluZyIsImJpZCI6IjEwMDAwMDAwMDEifV0sImlzcyI6IlRUTiJ9._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts962" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-67709-kwogo2pc-v1/imageContent-67709-kwogo2pc-m1.png" group-title="TS null",ANN News
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/680.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000023&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjMwMDA1NDQ4NDE5In0.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._6AWNO2u0yECL5ziPCBGqziq9QFFJpU1-9_y2fXI2pY
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ts22" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-69-j5ff8tls-v2/imageContent-69-j5ff8tls-m2.png" group-title="TS Lifestyle",News World India
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/57073.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="430" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket.png",Jio Cricket English HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="144" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_HD.png",Colors HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="291" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_HD.png",Sony HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="167" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_TV_HD.png",Zee TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="476" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Max_HD.png",Sony Max HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Max_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="165" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinema_HD.png",Zee Cinema HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Cinema_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="155" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Six_HD.png",Sony Six HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Six_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="383" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Times_NOW.png",Times NOW
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Times_NOW

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1906" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Times_Now_Navbharat.png",Times Now Navbharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Times_Now_Navbharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="162" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_HD.png",Ten 1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="173" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aaj_Tak.png",Aaj Tak
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aaj_Tak

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1155" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_Marathi.png",BBC Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BBC_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="177" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_News_India.png",ABP News India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_News_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="891" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten2_HD.png",Ten 2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten2_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="492" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNN_NEWS_18.png",CNN NEWS 18
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNN_NEWS_18

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1145" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_HD_Plus.png",MTV HD Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MTV_HD_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="753" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_Beats_HD.png",MTV Beats HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MTV_Beats_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="858" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Republic_TV.png",Republic TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Republic_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="584" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mastiii.png",Mastiii
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mastiii

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="612" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Majha.png",ABP Majha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Majha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="545" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Hindi.png",Nick Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="619" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Karnataka.png",TV9 Karnataka
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Karnataka

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="559" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Hindi.png",Pogo Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pogo_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="636" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Polimer_News.png",Polimer News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Polimer_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="618" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Telugu_News.png",TV9 Telugu News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Telugu_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="816" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Hindi.png",Cartoon Network Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Cartoon_Network_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="463" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_HD_World.png",Discovery HD World
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_HD_World

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="672" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Ananda.png",ABP Ananda
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Ananda

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="821" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD.png",Sony BBC Earth HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="146" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_HD.png",History TV18 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="479" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_HD_World.png",TLC HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TLC_HD_World

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="561" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Food_Food.png",Food Food
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Food_Food

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="560" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_Good_Times.png",GOOD TiMES
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NDTV_Good_Times

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="657" group-title="JTV Business Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Business.png",Zee Business
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Business

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="143" group-title="JTV Business English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Tv18_Prime_HD.png",CNBC Tv18 Prime HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNBC_Tv18_Prime_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="259" group-title="JTV Business English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_Profit.png",NDTV Profit
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NDTV_Profit

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="190" group-title="JTV Business Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Awaaz.png",CNBC Awaaz
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNBC_Awaaz

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="175" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha.png",Aastha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="594" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Bhajan.png",Aastha Bhajan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha_Bhajan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="288" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanskar.png",Sanskar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanskar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1433" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Science.png",India Science
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_Science

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="980" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_01.png",Swayam Prabha 01
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_01

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="981" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_02.png",Swayam Prabha 02
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_02

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="982" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_03.png",Swayam Prabha 03
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_03

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="154" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SAB.png",Sony SAB
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_SAB

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="472" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/And_TV_HD.png",And TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=And_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="279" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rishtey.png",Rishtey
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rishtey

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="473" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Anmol.png",Zee Anmol
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Anmol

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="474" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pal.png",Sony Pal
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Pal

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="471" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SAB_HD.png",Sony SAB HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_SAB_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="445" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Marathi.png",Zee Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="755" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Marathi_HD.png",Colors Marathi HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Marathi_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="757" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_HD.png",Colors Kannada HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Kannada_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="689" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Kannada.png",Zee Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1157" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Comedy_Central_HD.png",Comedy Central HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Comedy_Central_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="638" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Telugu.png",Zee Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="628" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Tamil.png",Zee Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="196" group-title="JTV Entertainment Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Gujarati.png",Colors Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="625" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Bangla.png",Zee Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="756" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Bengali_HD.png",Colors Bengali HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Bengali_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="481" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Epic_HD.png",Epic
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Epic_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1158" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Infinity_HD.png",Colors Infinity HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Infinity_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="414" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Yuva.png",Zee Yuva
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Yuva

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1171" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Punjabi.png",PTC Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Punjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="527" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ID.PNG",Investigation Discovery
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ID

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="528" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_India.png",DD India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="202" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png",DD National
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_National

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="532" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dabangg.png",Dabangg
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dabangg

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="429" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Tamil_HD.png",Colors Tamil HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Tamil_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="536" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Madhya_Pradesh.png",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Madhya_Pradesh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="538" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Rajasthan_Jaipur.png",DD Rajasthan (Jaipur)
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Rajasthan_Jaipur

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="482" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Cineplex.png",Colors Cineplex
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Cineplex

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="762" group-title="JTV Movies English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pix_HD.png",Sony Pix HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Pix_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="289" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SET_MAX.png",Sony Max SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SET_MAX

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="483" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_MAX2.png",Sony MAX2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_MAX2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="185" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/And_Pictures_HD.png",And Pictures HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=And_Pictures_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="484" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinema.png",Zee Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="182" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Movies.png",B4U Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=B4U_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="487" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Classic.png",Zee Bollywood
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Classic

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="486" group-title="JTV Movies Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhojpuri_Cinema.png",Bhojpuri Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bhojpuri_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="485" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Enterr_10.png",Enterr 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Enterr_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="488" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Action.png",Zee Action
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Action

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="413" group-title="JTV Movies Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinemalu.png",Zee Cinemalu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Cinemalu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="415" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Anmol_Cinema.png",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Anmol_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="231" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBN_7.png",News 18 India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IBN_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="235" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_TV.png",India TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="258" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_India.png",NDTV India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NDTV_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="504" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_News.png",Zee News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="876" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Times_Now_HD.png",Times Now World
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Times_Now_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="255" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_24x7.png",NDTV 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NDTV_24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="629" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Telugu.png",ETV Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="778" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Public_TV.png",Public TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Public_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="464" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/24_Ghanta_TV.png",24 Ghanta TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=24_Ghanta_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="632" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sakshi_tv.png",Sakshi tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sakshi_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="626" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Suvarna_News.png",Suvarna News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Suvarna_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="646" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NTV.png",NTV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="830" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Thanthi_TV.png",Thanthi TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Thanthi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="501" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_24.png",News 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="617" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Maharashtra.png",TV9 Maharashtra
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Maharashtra

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="938" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BTV.png",BTV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="442" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_24_Taas.png",Zee 24 Taas
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_24_Taas

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="613" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Newslive.png",Newslive
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Newslive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="892" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten3_HD.png",Ten 3 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten3_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="889" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports.png",Jio Sports HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Sports

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="875" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dsports_HD.png",Eurosport HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dsports_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1156" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football.png",Jio Football HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1160" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_1_HD.png",Jio Cricket 1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_1_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1165" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_1.png",Jio Football 1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1167" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_2.png",Jio Football 2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1168" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_3.png",Jio Football 3 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1169" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_4.png",Jio Football 4 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="514" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_1.png",Ten 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="523" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_2.png",Ten 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="524" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_3.png",Ten 3
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="525" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Six_SD.png",Sony Six SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Six_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="585" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zing.png",Zing
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zing

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="587" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9XM.png",9XM
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9XM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="591" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/E_24.png",E 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=E_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="183" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Music.png",B4U Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=B4U_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="592" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zoom.png",ZOOM
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zoom

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="248" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV.png",MTV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="440" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9X_Jalwa.png",9X Jalwa
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9X_Jalwa

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="773" group-title="JTV Music Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Public_Music.png",Public Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Public_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="420" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_Max.png",Jaya Max
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jaya_Max

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="741" group-title="JTV Music Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Bhojpuri.png",Sangeet Bhojpuri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sangeet_Bhojpuri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1189" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Music.png",PTC Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="740" group-title="JTV Music Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Bangla.png",Sangeet Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sangeet_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="815" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/sonic_Hindi.png",Sonic Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=sonic_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="872" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Hindi.png",Sony Yay Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Yay_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="547" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nickelodeon.png",Nickelodeon
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nickelodeon

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="546" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Tamil.png",Nick Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="542" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Tamil.png",Pogo Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pogo_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1079" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_English.png",CN HD+ English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CN_HD_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="817" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Tamil.png",Cartoon Network Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Cartoon_Network_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="543" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Telugu.png",Nick Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="554" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Kids_2.png",Discovery Kids 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Kids_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="544" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Junior.png",Nick Junior
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Junior

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="286" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_HD.png",Animal Planet HD World
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Animal_Planet_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="164" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP_HD.png",Travel XP HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Travel_XP_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="566" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_Hindi.png",Animal Planet Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Animal_Planet_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="575" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Hindi.png",Discovery Channel Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Channel_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="578" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Hindi.png",History TV18 HD Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_18_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="568" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Science.png",Discovery Science
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Science

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="871" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Events.png",Jio Events HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Events

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="576" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Telugu.png",Discovery Channel Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Channel_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="569" group-title="JTV Infotainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Tamil.png",D Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Channel_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="579" group-title="JTV Infotainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Tamil.png",History TV18 HD Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_18_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="577" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Telugu.png",History TV18 HD Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_18_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="567" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_English.png",Animal Planet English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Animal_Planet_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1073" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samara_News.png",Samara News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samara_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="573" group-title="JTV Infotainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Bengali.png",Discovery Channel Bengali
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Channel_Bengali

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="814" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP_Tamil.png",Travel XP Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Travel_XP_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="854" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Telugu.png",Sony BBC Earth HD Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="242" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery.png",Discovery
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="853" group-title="JTV Infotainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Tamil.png",Sony BBC Earth HD Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1075" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ayush_TV.png",Ayush TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ayush_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="906" group-title="JTV Infotainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Desi_Channel.png",Desi Channel
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Desi_Channel

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="562" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP.png",Travel XP HD Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Travel_XP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="574" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_English.png",TLC English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TLC_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="565" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Abhiruchi.png",ETV Abhiruchi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Abhiruchi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="571" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_Hindi.png",TLC Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TLC_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1201" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhguru_Television.png",Sadhguru Television HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sadhguru_Television

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="563" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kaumudy_TV.png",Kaumudy TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kaumudy_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="489" group-title="JTV Business English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Tv_18.png",CNBC Tv 18
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNBC_Tv_18

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="212" group-title="JTV Business English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ET_Now.png",ET Now
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ET_Now

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1907" group-title="JTV Business Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ET_Now_Swadesh.png",ET Now Swadesh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ET_Now_Swadesh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="776" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhakti_TV.png",Bhakti TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bhakti_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="829" group-title="JTV Devotional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sri_Sankara.png",Sri Sankara
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sri_Sankara

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="937" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SaiTV.png",Sai TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SaiTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="794" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Peace_of_Mind.png",Peace of Mind
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Peace_of_Mind

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="609" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/mh1_Shraddha.png",mh1 Shraddha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=mh1_Shraddha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="886" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lakshya_TV.png",Lakshya TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Lakshya_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="598" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sri_Venkateshwar_Bhakti.png",Sri Venkateshwar Bhakti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sri_Venkateshwar_Bhakti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="801" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Divya_TV.png",Divya TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Divya_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="602" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Paras_tv.png",Paras tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Paras_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="593" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhna.png",Sadhna
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sadhna

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="597" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Satsang_TV.png",Satsang TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Satsang_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="835" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Angel_TV_HD.png",Angel TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Angel_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="772" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_OM_Spiritual.png",CVR OM Spiritual
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CVR_OM_Spiritual

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="777" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aradhana_TV.png",Aradhana TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aradhana_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="596" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jinvani_TV.png",Jinvani TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jinvani_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1191" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Simran.png",PTC Simran
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Simran

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="828" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shubh_TV.png",Shubh TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shubh_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1407" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sai_Leela.png",Sai Leela
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sai_Leela

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="955" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hindu_Dharmam.png",Hindu Dharmam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hindu_Dharmam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="607" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Subhavartha_TV.png",Subhavartha TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Subhavartha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="934" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Divya_Vani.png",Divya Vani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Divya_Vani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="466" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Arihant_TV.png",Arihant TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Arihant_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="924" group-title="JTV Devotional Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rujumargam_TV.png",Mercy TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rujumargam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="977" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Calvary.png",Calvary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Calvary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="984" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_04.png",Swayam Prabha 04
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_04

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="986" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_05.png",Swayam Prabha 05
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_05

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="987" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_06.png",Swayam Prabha 06
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_06

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="985" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_07.png",Swayam Prabha 07
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_07

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="983" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_08.png",Swayam Prabha 08
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_08

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="988" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_09.png",Swayam Prabha 09
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_09

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="989" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_10.png",Swayam Prabha 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="990" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_11.png",Swayam Prabha 11
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_11

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="991" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_12.png",Swayam Prabha 12
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_12

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1272" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_4_HD.png",Jio Cricket 4 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_4_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="992" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_13.png",Swayam Prabha 13
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_13

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="993" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_14.png",Swayam Prabha 14
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_14

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="995" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_15.png",Swayam Prabha 15
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_15

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="994" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_16.png",Swayam Prabha 16
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_16

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="996" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_17.png",Swayam Prabha 17
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_17

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="999" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_18.png",Swayam Prabha 18
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_18

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="401" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_19.png",Swayam Prabha 19
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_19

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="403" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_20.png",Swayam Prabha 20
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_20

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="997" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_21.png",Swayam Prabha 21
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_21

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="998" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swayam_Prabha_22.png",Swayam Prabha 22
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swayam_Prabha_22

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="400" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_1.png",PM e Vidya 01
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="402" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_2.png",PM e Vidya 02
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="405" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_3.png",PM e Vidya 03
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="406" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_4.png",PM e Vidya 04
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="407" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_5.png",PM e Vidya 05
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_5

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="408" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_6.png",PM e Vidya 06
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="404" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_7.png",PM e Vidya 07
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="533" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Pariwar.png",Raj Pariwar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Pariwar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="539" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Bihar.png",DD Bihar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Bihar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="540" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Uttar_Pradesh.png",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Uttar_Pradesh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="419" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_TV_HD.png",Jaya TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jaya_TV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="844" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mazavali_Manorama_HD.png",Mazavali Manorama HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mazavali_Manorama_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="847" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_TV.png",MK TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MK_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="785" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Super.png",Colors Super
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Super

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="857" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vendhar_TV.png",Vendhar TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vendhar_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="904" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanjha_TV.png",Sanjha TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanjha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="919" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Anjan_TV.png",Anjan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Anjan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="951" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GarvPunjabi.png",Garv Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GarvPunjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="959" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JUSPunjabi.png",JUSPunjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=JUSPunjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="963" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Arre.png",Arre HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Arre

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="796" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Peppers_TV.png",Peppers TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Peppers_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="722" group-title="JTV Entertainment Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sarthak_TV.png",Zee Odisha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sarthak_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="634" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Flower_TV.png",Flower TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Flower_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="648" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mazhavil_Manorama.png",Mazhavil Manorama
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mazhavil_Manorama

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="690" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Bangla.png",DD Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="824" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Puthu_Yugam.png",Puthu Yugam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Puthu_Yugam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="691" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Saam_Tv.png",Saam Tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Saam_Tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="198" group-title="JTV Entertainment Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Oriya.png",Colors Oriya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Oriya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="765" group-title="JTV Entertainment Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jonack.png",Jonack
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jonack

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="623" group-title="JTV Entertainment Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rang.png",Rang
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rang

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="635" group-title="JTV Entertainment Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rengoni.png",Rengoni
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rengoni

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="692" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Plus.png",ETV Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1146" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Marathi_SD.png",Sony Marathi SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Marathi_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="695" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Sahayadri.png",DD Sahayadri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Sahayadri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="697" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_aath.png",Sony aath
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_aath

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="698" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aakaash_bangla.png",Aakash Aath
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aakaash_bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="699" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Malayalam.png",DD Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="701" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dangal.png",Dangal
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dangal

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="702" group-title="JTV Entertainment Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Oriya.png",DD Oriya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Oriya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="705" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Polimer_TV.png",Polimer TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Polimer_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="707" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_TV.png",Raj TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="708" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Makkal_TV.png",Makkal TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Makkal_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="710" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_TV.png",Kairali TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kairali_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="711" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Captain_tv.png",Captain tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Captain_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="712" group-title="JTV Entertainment Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_urdu.png",DD urdu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_urdu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="706" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Saptagiri.png",DD Saptagiri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Saptagiri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="713" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD9_chandana_kannada.png",DD9 chandana (kannada)
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD9_chandana_kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="714" group-title="JTV Entertainment Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Girnar.png",DD Girnar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Girnar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="715" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Punjabi.png",DD Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Punjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="716" group-title="JTV Entertainment Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Kashir.png",DD Kashir
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Kashir

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="719" group-title="JTV Entertainment Nepali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nepal_one.png",Nepal one
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nepal_one

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="720" group-title="JTV Entertainment Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD13_Guwahati_NE.png",DD13 Guwahati NE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD13_Guwahati_NE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="723" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Amrita_TV.png",Amrita TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Amrita_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="725" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_People_TV.png",Kairali News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kairali_People_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="726" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD5_Podhigai.png",DD5 Podhigai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD5_Podhigai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="727" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vasanth_TV.png",Vasanth TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vasanth_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="728" group-title="JTV Entertainment Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Salaam.png",Zee Salaam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Salaam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="730" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kasturi.png",Kasturi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kasturi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="731" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_WE_TV.png",Kairali WE TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kairali_WE_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="734" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vissa_TV.png",Vissa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vissa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="736" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maiboli.png",Maiboli
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maiboli

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1066" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TheQIndia.png",The Q
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TheQIndia

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1076" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Andy_Haryana.png",Andy Haryana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Andy_Haryana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1100" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dishum_TV.png",Dishum TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dishum_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1144" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Namma_TV.png",Namma TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Namma_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1151" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rangamanch.png",Rangamanch
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rangamanch

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="534" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dillagi_TV.png",Dillagi TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dillagi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="535" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dhamaal_TV.png",Dhamaal TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dhamaal_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="153" group-title="JTV Movies Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Talkies.png",Zee Talkies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Talkies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="417" group-title="JTV Movies Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/J_Movies.png",J Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=J_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="685" group-title="JTV Movies Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Bangla_Cinema.png",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Bangla_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="252" group-title="JTV Movies Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Cinema.png",ETV Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="738" group-title="JTV Movies Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Fakt_Marathi.png",Fakt Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Fakt_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="946" group-title="JTV Movies Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pitaara.png",Pitaara
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pitaara

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="809" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maha_Movies.png",Maha Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maha_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="683" group-title="JTV Movies Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Digital_Plus.png",Raj Digital Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Digital_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1190" group-title="JTV Movies Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Punjabi_Gold.png",PTC Punjabi Gold 
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Punjabi_Gold

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="883" group-title="JTV Movies Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Osar_Movies.png",Oscar Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Osar_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="908" group-title="JTV Movies Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Indradhanu.png",Indradhanu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Indradhanu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1101" group-title="JTV Movies Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Amaar_Cinema.png",Amaar Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Amaar_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="666" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABN_Andhra_Jyothi.png",ABN Andhra Jyothi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABN_Andhra_Jyothi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="499" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Nation.png",News Nation
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Nation

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="718" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kanak_TV.png",Kanak News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kanak_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="498" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_news.png",India news
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_news

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="677" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Puthiya_Thalimurai.png",Puthiya Thalimurai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Puthiya_Thalimurai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="693" group-title="JTV News Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_BIHAR.png",News18 BIHAR
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_BIHAR

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="923" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dighvijay_TV.png",Dighvijay TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dighvijay_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="724" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Kalinga.png",Zee Kalinga
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Kalinga

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="620" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_News_Gujarati.png",News18 Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_News_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="502" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tez.png",Good News Today
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tez

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="180" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_News.png",Asianet News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="823" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_SD.png",Sony BBC Earth SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="653" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Kannada_News.png",News18 Kannada News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Kannada_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="673" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News7_Tamil.png",News7 Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News7_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="633" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DY_365.png",DY 365
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DY_365

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="232" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBN_Lokmat.png",News18 Lokmat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IBN_Lokmat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="647" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pratidin_News.png",Pratidin Time
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pratidin_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="616" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tv_9_Gujarat.png",Tv 9 Gujarat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tv_9_Gujarat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="531" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_RAJASTHAN.png",News18 RAJASTHAN
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_RAJASTHAN

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="717" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Bangla_News.png",News18 Bangla News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Bangla_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="792" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_State_UK_UP.png",News State UK UP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_State_UK_UP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="627" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Assam.png",News 18 Assam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_18_Assam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="641" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Asmita.png",ABP Asmita
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Asmita

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="624" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prag_News.png",Prag News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prag_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="529" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_MP.png",News18 MP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_MP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="770" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kashish_News.png",Kashish News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kashish_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="769" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/V6_News.png",V6 News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=V6_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="614" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Andhra_pradesh.png",ETV Andhra pradesh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Andhra_pradesh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="615" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Tamilnadu.png",News 18 Tamilnadu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_18_Tamilnadu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="662" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manorama_News.png",Manorama News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manorama_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="780" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mathrubhumi_News.png",Mathrubhumi News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mathrubhumi_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="493" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Today.png",India Today
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_Today

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="956" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_5_Kannada.png",TV 5 Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_5_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="204" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Sports.png",DD Sports
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Sports

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="845" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_Music.png",MK Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MK_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="250" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Music_India.png",Music India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Music_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="803" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tunes_6.png",Tunes 6
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tunes_6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="743" group-title="JTV Music Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Kannada.png",Raj Music Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Music_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="639" group-title="JTV Music Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ramdhenu.png",Ramdhenu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ramdhenu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="748" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Musix.png",Raj Musix
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Musix

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1172" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Chak_De.png",PTC Chak De
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_Chak_De

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="732" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9X_Tashan.png",9X Tashan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9X_Tashan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="749" group-title="JTV Music Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahana_Music.png",Sahana Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sahana_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1188" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_DHOL_TV.png",PTC DHOL TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_DHOL_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="742" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/mh1_Music.png",mh1 (Music)
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=mh1_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="735" group-title="JTV Music Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Marathi.png",Sangeet Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sangeet_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="441" group-title="JTV Music Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9x_Jhakaas.png",9x Jhakaas
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9x_Jhakaas

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="903" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Only_Music.png",Only Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Only_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="905" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PBN_Music.png",PBN Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PBN_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="737" group-title="JTV Music Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Telugu.png",Raj Music Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Music_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1192" group-title="JTV Music English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Brit_Asia.png",Brit Asia
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Brit_Asia

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="786" group-title="JTV Music Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kappa_TV.png",Kappa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kappa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1103" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PEACE_MUSIC.png",PEACE MUSIC
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PEACE_MUSIC

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="739" group-title="JTV Music Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Malayalam.png",Raj Music Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_Music_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1184" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Steelbird_Music.png",Steelbird Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Steelbird_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="832" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/10_TV.png",10 TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=10_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="658" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_News_MP_Chattisgarh.png",Zee News MP Chattisgarh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_News_MP_Chattisgarh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="503" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBC-24.png",IBC24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IBC-24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="642" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VTV_Gujarati.png",VTV Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VTV_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="668" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_5_News.png",TV 5 News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_5_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="866" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Exclusive.png",Jio Exclusive HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Exclusive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1232" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hi_Dost.png",Hi Dost!
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hi_Dost

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="675" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Assam_Talks.png",Assam Talks
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Assam_Talks

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="687" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Time_TV.png",News Time TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Time_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="661" group-title="JTV News Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Purvaiya.png",Zee Purvaiya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Purvaiya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="779" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prameya_News_7.png",Prameya News 7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prameya_News_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="784" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_News.png",CVR News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CVR_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="659" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Rajasthan.png",Zee Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="530" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_UP.png",News18 UP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_UP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="696" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_News_Oriya.png",News18 Oriya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_News_Oriya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="667" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/T_News.png",T News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=T_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="782" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sandesh_News.png",Sandesh News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sandesh_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="203" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_News.png",DD News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="954" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prajaa_TV.png",Prajaa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prajaa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="418" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_Plus.png",Jaya Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jaya_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="826" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Malai_Murasu.png",Malai Murasu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Malai_Murasu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="910" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Media_One_TV.png",Media One TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Media_One_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="929" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_24_Kalak.png",Zee 24 Kalak
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_24_Kalak

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="142" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_World_News.png",BBC World News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BBC_World_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="630" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Telangana.png",ETV Telangana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Telangana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="781" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalinga_TV.png",Kalinga TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kalinga_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="810" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janam_TV.png",Janam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Janam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="512" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_UP.png",India News UP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_News_UP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="965" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Kerala.png",News 18 Kerala
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_18_Kerala

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="800" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maha_News.png",Maha News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maha_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="665" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HM_TV.png",HM TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=HM_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="290" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/sonic_Tamil.png",sonic Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=sonic_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="166" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Telugu.png",Cartoon Network Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Cartoon_Network_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="550" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Kids_Tamil.png",Discovery Kids Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Kids_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="583" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Kisan.png",DD Kisan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Kisan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="570" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Life.png",ETV Life
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Life

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="422" group-title="JTV Infotainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/InGoa24x7.png",In Goa 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=InGoa24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="775" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vanitha.png",Vanitha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vanitha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="774" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_Health.png",CVR Health
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CVR_Health

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="541" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Turbo.png",Discovery Turbo
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Discovery_Turbo

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="852" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_English.png",Sony BBC Earth HD English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="962" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Boogle_Bollywood.png",Boogle Bollywood
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Boogle_Bollywood

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="953" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Propex_TV.png",Propex TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Propex_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="797" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sakhi_TV.png",testii
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sakhi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="490" group-title="JTV Business Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Bazaar_MNO.png",CNBC Bazaar (MNO)
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNBC_Bazaar_MNO

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="599" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Disha_tv.png",Disha tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Disha_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="856" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vedic_TV.png",Vedic TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vedic_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="611" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Darshan_24.png",Darshan 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Darshan_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="939" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhaktisagar.png",Bhaktisagar 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bhaktisagar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="601" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ishwar_TV.png",Ishwar TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ishwar_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="605" group-title="JTV Devotional Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Channel_Win.png",Channel Win
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Channel_Win

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="603" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nambikkai.png",Nambikkai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nambikkai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="879" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Harekrsna.png",Hare krsna
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Harekrsna

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="887" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Garv_Swaminarayan.png",Swar Shree
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Garv_Swaminarayan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="608" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shubhsandesh_TV.png",Shubhsandesh TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shubhsandesh_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="606" group-title="JTV Devotional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shalom.png",Shalom
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shalom

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1159" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tulja_Bhavani.png",Tulja Bhavani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tulja_Bhavani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="972" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sarv_Dharam_Sangam.png",Sarv Dharam Sangam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sarv_Dharam_Sangam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1077" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sharnam_TV.png",Sharnam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sharnam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="952" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GarvGurbani.png",Garv Punjabi Gurbani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GarvGurbani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1174" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Fateh_TV.png",Fateh TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Fateh_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1187" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Valambhakti.png",Valam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Valambhakti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="964" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Om_Shanti.png",Om Shanti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Om_Shanti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1186" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kartavya_Tv.png",Kartavya TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kartavya_Tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1099" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hamari_Sanskruti_TV.png",Hamari Sanskruti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hamari_Sanskruti_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="961" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JUSOne.png",JUSOne
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=JUSOne

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1078" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Soham_TV.png",Soham TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Soham_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1175" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Awakening.png",Awakening
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Awakening

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1176" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SRMD.png",SRMD HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SRMD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1193" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hare_Krsna_music.png",Hare Krsna Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hare_Krsna_music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="409" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/_evidya_8.png",PM e Vidya 08
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=_evidya_8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="410" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/_evidya_9.png",PM e Vidya 09
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=_evidya_9

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="411" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_10.png",PM e Vidya 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1410" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_11.png",PM e Vidya 11
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_11

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1532" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_12.png",PM e Vidya 12
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=evidya_12

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1069" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_1.png",Vande Gujarat 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1070" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_2.png",Vande Gujarat 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1082" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_3.png",Vande Gujarat 3
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1071" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_4.png",Vande Gujarat 4
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1083" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_5.png",Vande Gujarat 5
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_5

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1084" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_6.png",Vande Gujarat 6
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1085" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_7.png",Vande Gujarat 7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1086" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_8.png",Vande Gujarat 8
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1087" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_9.png",Vande Gujarat 9
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_9

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1088" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_10.png",Vande Gujarat 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1089" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_11.png",Vande Gujarat 11
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_11

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1090" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_12.png",Vande Gujarat 12
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_12

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1091" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_13.png",Vande Gujarat 13
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_13

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1092" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_14.png",Vande Gujarat 14
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_14

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1093" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_15.png",Vande Gujarat 15
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_15

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1094" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Gujarat_16.png",Vande Gujarat 16
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Gujarat_16

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="807" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gulistan_News.png",Gulistan News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gulistan_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="768" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jan_TV.png",Jan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="651" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Kannada.png",Raj News Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_News_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1523" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GSB_Worldwide.png",G S B Worldwide
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GSB_Worldwide

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1524" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ashtavinayak.png",Ashtavinayak
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ashtavinayak

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="694" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Urdu.png",News18 Urdu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Urdu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="516" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_Haryana.png",India News Haryana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_News_Haryana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="513" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_Rajasthan.png",India News Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_News_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="643" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GS_TV.png",GS TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GS_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="631" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MBC.png",MBC
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MBC

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="509" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahara_Samay_Bihar.png",Sahara Samay Bihar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sahara_Samay_Bihar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="652" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_SANGAM.png",Zee Hindustan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_SANGAM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="551" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST14_HD.png",TEST14 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST14_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="808" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hindi_Khabar.png",Hindi Khabar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hindi_Khabar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="654" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Punjabi_HP_Haryana.png",Zee Punjabi HP Haryana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zee_Punjabi_HP_Haryana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="927" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/First_India_News.png",First India News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=First_India_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="882" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News11.png",News11
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News11

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="950" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RPLUS.png",R Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=RPLUS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="507" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SAHARA_SAMAY_MP.png",SAHARA SAMAY MP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SAHARA_SAMAY_MP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="645" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Captain_News.png",Captain News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Captain_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="790" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/I_News.png",I News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=I_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="495" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_X.png",News X
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_X

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="491" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mirror_Now.png",Mirror Now
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mirror_Now

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="515" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_MP.png",India News MP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_News_MP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="671" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sathiyam.png",Sathiyam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sathiyam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="799" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Naxatra_News.png",Naxatra News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Naxatra_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="572" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Living_Foodz.png",Zee UP UK
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Living_Foodz

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="193" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNN.png",CNN
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CNN

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="517" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Chardikla_Time_TV.png",Chardikla Time TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Chardikla_Time_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="518" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sudarshan.png",Sudarshan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sudarshan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="789" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JK_24x7_News.png",JK 24x7 News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=JK_24x7_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="494" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AL_Jazeera.png",AL Jazeera
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AL_Jazeera

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1170" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_News.png",PTC News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTC_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="791" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Taaza_TV.png",Taaza TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Taaza_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="973" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Onkar_Only_Truth.png",Onkar Only Truth
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Onkar_Only_Truth

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="771" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Live_Today.png",Live Today
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Live_Today

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="506" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahara_Samay_Rastriya.png",Sahara Samay Rastriya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sahara_Samay_Rastriya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="511" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mh_One_News.png",Mh One News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mh_One_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="880" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janta_TV.png",Janta TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Janta_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="655" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Haryana_and_HP_News.png",News18 Haryana and HP News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ETV_Haryana_and_HP_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="855" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Total_TV.png",Total TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Total_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="978" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST1_HD.png",TEST1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST1_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="979" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST2_HD.png",TEST2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST2_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="508" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SAHARA_SAMAY_UP.png",SAHARA SAMAY UP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SAHARA_SAMAY_UP

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="412" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Wion.png",Wion
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Wion

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="918" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bharat_Samachar.png",Bharat Samachar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bharat_Samachar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="783" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/K_News_India.png",K News India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=K_News_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="637" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/North_East_Live.png",North East Live
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=North_East_Live

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="804" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samachar_Plus.png",Samachar Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samachar_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="793" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samay_Rajasthan.png",Samay Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samay_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="664" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Telugu.png",Raj News Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_News_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="496" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/dw.png",dw
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=dw

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="522" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Loksabha_TV.png",Sansad TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Loksabha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="843" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Madhimugam_TV.png",Madhimugam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Madhimugam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="520" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Rajyasabha.png",Sansad TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_Rajyasabha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="885" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_5_Monde.png",TV5 Monde
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_5_Monde

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="970" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Win_TV.png",Win TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Win_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="944" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mantavya_News.png",Mantavya News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mantavya_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="933" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/4_TV.png",4 TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=4_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="936" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_1_India.png",News 1 India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_1_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="846" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_News.png",MKN
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MK_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="917" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/APN_News.png",APN News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=APN_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="465" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaihind_tv.png",Jaihind tv
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jaihind_tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="842" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jeevan_TV.png",Jeevan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jeevan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="916" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_100.png",TV 100
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_100

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1179" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bansal_News.png",Bansal News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bansal_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="788" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Voice.png",India Voice
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_Voice

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="926" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/A1_TV_Rajasthan.png",A1 TV Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=A1_TV_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="957" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/INH_24x7.png",INH 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=INH_24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="907" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GoodNews_Channel.png",GoodNews Channel
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GoodNews_Channel

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="850" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_India_24_X_7.png",News India 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_India_24_X_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="831" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Living_India_News.png",Living India News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Living_India_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="851" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SMBC_TV.png",SMBC TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SMBC_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="519" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhna_News_Plus.png",Sadhna News Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sadhna_News_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="764" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Channel_News_Asia_International.png",Channel News Asia International
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Channel_News_Asia_International

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="421" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Goa365.png",GOA 365
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Goa365

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="838" group-title="JTV News French" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/France_24.png",France 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=France_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="650" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Malayalam.png",Raj News Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_News_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="921" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prime_News.png",Prime News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prime_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="837" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Euro_News.png",Euro News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Euro_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="966" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PrudentHD.png",Prudent
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PrudentHD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="915" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Khabar_Fast.png",Khabar Fast
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Khabar_Fast

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1185" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swadesh_News.png",Swadesh News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swadesh_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="960" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JUS24x7.png",JUS 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=JUS24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1102" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RDX_News.png",RDX Goa
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=RDX_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="787" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_English.png",CVR English
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CVR_English

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="958" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DNN.png",DNN
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DNN

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="975" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jantantra.png",Jantantra
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jantantra

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="767" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_24x7.png",Raj News 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Raj_News_24x7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="874" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Telugu.png",Sony Yay Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Yay_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="873" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Tamil.png",Sony Yay Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Yay_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="548" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nickelodeon_Jr.png",Nickelodeon Jr.
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nickelodeon_Jr

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1081" group-title="JTV Kids Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_Tamil.png",CN HD+ Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CN_HD_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1080" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_Telugu.png",CN HD+ Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CN_HD_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="580" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_bharati.png",DD bharati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DD_bharati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="582" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Care_World.png",Care World
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Care_World

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="888" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Insight.png",Insight HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Insight

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1162" group-title="JTV Infotainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prime_Asia_Tv.png",Prime Asia HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prime_Asia_Tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="158" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Plus_HD.png",Star Plus HD IP
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Plus_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="367" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Utsav.png",Star Utsav HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Utsav

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="443" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet.png",Asianet HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="368" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Vijay.png",Star Vijay HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Vijay

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="317" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Jalsha.png",Star Jalsha HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Jalsha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="758" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maa_TV.png",Maa TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="759" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maa_Gold.png",Maa Gold HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maa_Gold

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="931" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Bharat_HD.png",Star Bharat HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Bharat_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="181" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_Plus.png",Asianet Plus HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="336" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Pravah.png",Star Pravah HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Pravah

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="370" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Suvarna.png",Suvarna HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Suvarna

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="458" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_Suvarna_HD.png",Suvarna Plus HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet_Suvarna_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="156" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Gold_HD.png",Star Gold HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Gold_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="457" group-title="JTV Movies Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jalsa_Movies_HD.png",Jalsha Movies HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jalsa_Movies_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="760" group-title="JTV Movies Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maa_Movies.png",Maa Movies HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Maa_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="247" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Movies_OK.png",Movies OK HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Movies_OK

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="459" group-title="JTV Movies Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_Movies_HD.png",Asianet Movies HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Asianet_Movies_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="460" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_Select_HD_1.png",Star Sports Select HD1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_Select_HD_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="159" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_HD_1.png",Star Sports 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_HD_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="160" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_HD_2.png",Star Sports 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_HD_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="362" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_3.png",Star Sports Hindi 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="461" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Star_Sports_Select_HD_2.png",Star Sports Select HD2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Star_Sports_Select_HD_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1340" group-title="JTV Kids Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Malayalam.png",Nick Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1341" group-title="JTV Kids Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Bangla.png",Nick Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1342" group-title="JTV Kids Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Marathi.png",Nick Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1344" group-title="JTV Kids Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Malayalam.png",Sonic Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1345" group-title="JTV Kids Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Bangla.png",Sonic Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1346" group-title="JTV Kids Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Marathi.png",Sonic Marathi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Marathi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1227" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Digishala.png",Digishala
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Digishala

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1337" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Top_Tutor.png",Top Tutor
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Top_Tutor

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1428" group-title="JTV Educational Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyan_Brikshya.png",Gyan Brikshya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gyan_Brikshya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1456" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manipur_Educational_Channel.png",Lairik
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manipur_Educational_Channel

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1447" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_Teacher.png",TV Teacher
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_Teacher

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1434" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Primary.png",Utkarsh Primary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Utkarsh_Primary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1435" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Middle.png",Utkarsh HSBTE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Utkarsh_Middle

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1436" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Secondary.png",Utkarsh Secondary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Utkarsh_Secondary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1437" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Higher.png",Utkarsh Higher
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Utkarsh_Higher

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1439" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Meluha.png",Meluha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Meluha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1460" group-title="JTV Educational Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Home_Learning_Gujarat.png",Home Learning Gujarat Standard-9
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Home_Learning_Gujarat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1429" group-title="JTV Educational Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/KITE_Victers.png",KITE VICTERS
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=KITE_Victers

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1449" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Parmarth_TV.png",Parmarth TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Parmarth_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1161" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_2_HD.png",Jio Cricket 2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_2_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1163" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Esports_HD.png",JioGames HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Esports_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1166" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_3.png",Jio Cricket 3 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1324" group-title="JTV Movies Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Gujarati_Cinema.png",Colors Gujarati Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Gujarati_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1326" group-title="JTV Entertainment Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Marathi_SD.png",Colors Marathi SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Marathi_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1368" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_SD.png",Colors SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1369" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Bangla_SD.png",Colors Bangla SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Bangla_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1370" group-title="JTV Entertainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_SD.png",Colors Kannada SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Kannada_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1378" group-title="JTV Music English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VH1.png",VH1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VH1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1400" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_Beats_SD.png",MTV Beats SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MTV_Beats_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1478" group-title="JTV Educational Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Akal_Academy_Group.png",Akal Academy Group
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Akal_Academy_Group

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1480" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IMS_School.png",IMS Schools Grade 1 - 8
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IMS_School

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1481" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Argus_TV.png",Argus News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Argus_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1482" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Amma.png",AMMA TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Amma

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1518" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Moon_Tv.png",Moon TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Moon_Tv

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1521" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Birla_Brainiacs.png",Birla Brainiacs
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Birla_Brainiacs

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1526" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vedant_TV.png",Vedant TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vedant_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1527" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Haryanvi_Hits.png",Haryanvi Hits
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Haryanvi_Hits

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1529" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MI_TV.png",MI TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MI_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1531" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyanvani_1.png",Gyanvani 1
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gyanvani_1

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1533" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Chardham_Darshan.png",Chardham Darshan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Chardham_Darshan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1542" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tute.png",Tute
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tute

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1545" group-title="JTV Educational Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Punjab_School_TV.png",Punjab School TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Punjab_School_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1547" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AAS_Vidyalaya.png",AAS Vidyalaya CBSE NCERT
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AAS_Vidyalaya

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1548" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Khandoba_Majha_Jejuri.png",Khandoba Majha, Jejuri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Khandoba_Majha_Jejuri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1549" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DharmaGranth_TV.png",Dharm Granth TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DharmaGranth_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1551" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/P_News.png",P News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=P_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1552" group-title="JTV Infotainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Malnadu_TV.png",Malanadu TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Malnadu_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1553" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABSTAR_News.png",AB Star News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABSTAR_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1554" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanatan_TV.png",Sanatan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanatan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1557" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Express_TV.png",Express TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Express_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1558" group-title="JTV Educational Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Express_TV_Shikshana.png",Express Shikshana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Express_TV_Shikshana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1559" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jigyasa_TV.png",Jigyasa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jigyasa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1560" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/35mm.png",35mm
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=35mm

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1561" group-title="JTV Infotainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sristi_TV.png",Sristi TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sristi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1562" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Elementary.png",Himshiksha Elementary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Himshiksha_Elementary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1563" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Higher.png",Himshiksha Higher
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Himshiksha_Higher

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1564" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Vocational.png",Himshiksha Vocational
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Himshiksha_Vocational

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1565" group-title="JTV Educational Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_BIE_ARTS.png",AP-BIE-ARTS
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AP_BIE_ARTS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1566" group-title="JTV Educational Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_BIE_SCIENCE.png",AP-BIE-SCIENCE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AP_BIE_SCIENCE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1567" group-title="JTV Educational Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_CIE_SIVE.png",AP-CIE-SIVE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AP_CIE_SIVE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1568" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Atmadarshan_TV.png",Atmadarshan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Atmadarshan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1590" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanskritam.png",Sanskrit
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanskritam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1592" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lokmanch_News.png",Lokmanch News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Lokmanch_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1593" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lifology.png",Lifology
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Lifology

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1594" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samachar_24.png",Samachar 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samachar_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1598" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/FTV_HD.png",FTV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=FTV_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1599" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/InWild_HD.png",InWild HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=InWild_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1601" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ZooMoo_HD.png",ZooMoo HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ZooMoo_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1602" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Smithsonian_HD.png",Smithsonian HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Smithsonian_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1605" group-title="JTV Devotional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bangla_Bhakti.png",Bangla Bhakti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bangla_Bhakti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1606" group-title="JTV Infotainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ken_Kerelam_TV.png",Ken TV Keralam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ken_Kerelam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1607" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manav_Dharam.png",Manav Dharam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manav_Dharam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1608" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MP_News.png",MP News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MP_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1609" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ishvani_TV.png",Ishvani TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ishvani_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1610" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Divyang_News.png",Divyang News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Divyang_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1612" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tara_TV.png",Tara TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tara_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1613" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Medha_Secondary.png",Medha Secondary
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Medha_Secondary

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1614" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Omnicuris.png",Omnicuris
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Omnicuris

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1617" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Ahead.png",India Ahead
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_Ahead

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1618" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Real_News_Kerala.png",Real News Kerala
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Real_News_Kerala

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1655" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Madha_TV.png",Madha TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Madha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1667" group-title="JTV Kids Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rongeen_TV.png",Rongeen TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rongeen_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1670" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/C_News_Bharat.png",C News Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=C_News_Bharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1672" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyanvani_2.png",Gyanvani 2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gyanvani_2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1673" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTD_Chhattisgarrh.png",PTD Chhattisgarrh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=PTD_Chhattisgarrh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1674" group-title="JTV Educational Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samveda.png",Samveda
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samveda

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1675" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ESG.png",ESG TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ESG

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1690" group-title="JTV Devotional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BVTV.png",BVTV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BVTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1692" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Badakhabar.png",Badakhabar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Badakhabar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1694" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Haryana_Beats.png",Haryana Beats
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Haryana_Beats

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1695" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prime_TV.png",Prime TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prime_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1696" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SSV_TV.png",SSV TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SSV_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1697" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/FM_News.png",FM News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=FM_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1698" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IND_24.png",IND 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=IND_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1699" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ANN_Kashmir.png",ANN News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ANN_Kashmir

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1705" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shri_Hingulambika_Devi_Temple.png",Shri Hingulambika Devi Temple
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shri_Hingulambika_Devi_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1706" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shri_Mangal_Dev_Grah_Temple.png",Shri Mangal Dev Grah Temple
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shri_Mangal_Dev_Grah_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1708" group-title="JTV Music Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SKY_12.png",SKY 12
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SKY_12

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1725" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/24hrs_TV.png",24Hrs TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=24hrs_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1726" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_Gujarati.png",BBC News Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BBC_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1728" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Anaadi_TV.png",Anaadi TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Anaadi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1729" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Live_7.png",Live 7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Live_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1730" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Punjab1_TV.png",Punjab1 TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Punjab1_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1731" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/N5TV.png",N5TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=N5TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1733" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ND24.png",ND 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ND24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1734" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ek_Onkar.png",Ek Onkar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ek_Onkar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1735" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Bangla.png",TV9 Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1736" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Luxe_Tv_HD.png",LUXE TV HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Luxe_Tv_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1737" group-title="JTV Music English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mezzo_HD.png",Mezzo Live HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mezzo_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1738" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hosanna_TV.png",Hosanna TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hosanna_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1739" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/V24_TV.png",V24 TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=V24_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1740" group-title="JTV Infotainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Purnima_TV.png",Purnima TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Purnima_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1741" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bharat_AtoZ.png",Bharat AtoZ
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bharat_AtoZ

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1742" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanskrit_Ganga_TV.png",Sanskrit Ganga
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sanskrit_Ganga_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1743" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hornbill_TV.png",Hornbill TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hornbill_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1755" group-title="JTV News Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/T_TV.png",TTV News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=T_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1757" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NK_TV.png",NK TV 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NK_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1758" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DPK_News.png",DPK News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DPK_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1759" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Buletin_India.png",Buletin India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Buletin_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1761" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aryan_TV_National.png",Aryan TV National
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aryan_TV_National

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1762" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Channel_Vision.png",Channel Vision
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Channel_Vision

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1764" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dadabhagwan.png",Dada Bhagwan Foundation
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dadabhagwan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1765" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Doinandin.png",Doinandin
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Doinandin

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1766" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zorins_TV.png",Zorins TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Zorins_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1768" group-title="JTV Infotainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Naaptol.png",Naaptol
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Naaptol

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1769" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/LWA.png",LWA
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=LWA

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1770" group-title="JTV Educational Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vande_Tripura.png",Vande Tripura
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vande_Tripura

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1771" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Express_News.png",Express News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Express_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1772" group-title="JTV Sports Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_4_HD_Tamil.png",Ten 4 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_4_HD_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1774" group-title="JTV Sports Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_4_Tamil.png",Ten 4
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ten_4_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1777" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bharat_News.png",Bharat News TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bharat_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1786" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SamacharExpressTV.png",Samachar Express TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SamacharExpressTV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1787" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VISVAS.png",VISVAS
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VISVAS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1788" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Yeshuaa.png",Yeshuaa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Yeshuaa

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1789" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dada_Bhagwan_Foundation_Gujarati.png",Dada Bhagwan Foundation Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dada_Bhagwan_Foundation_Gujarati

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1790" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VRLive.png",VR Live
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VRLive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1791" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/KPNews.png",KP News 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=KPNews

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1793" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Satta_Express.png",Sattaxpress News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Satta_Express

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1794" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mangalmaylive.png",Mangalmay Live
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mangalmaylive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1795" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shri_Amarnath_Shrine_Board.png",Shri Amarnathji Shrine Board
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shri_Amarnath_Shrine_Board

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1796" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Anand_Barta.png",Ananda Barta
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Anand_Barta

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1797" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DA_News_Plus.png",DA News Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DA_News_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1798" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pasand.png",Pasand
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pasand

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1799" group-title="JTV Entertainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Studio_Yuva_Alpha.png",Studio Yuva Alpha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Studio_Yuva_Alpha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1802" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_World_India.png",News World India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_World_India

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1804" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jan_Setu_TV.png",Jan Setu News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jan_Setu_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1813" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_5.png",Jio Football 5 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_5

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1814" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_6.png",Jio Football 6 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_6

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1816" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DTV_Bharat.png",DTV Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=DTV_Bharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1817" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NEWS_24_MPCG.png",NEWS 24 MPCG
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NEWS_24_MPCG

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1823" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_7.png",Jio Football 7 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1824" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_8.png",Jio Football 8 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1826" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swarlasika.png",Swaralasika Sangeetalaya
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Swarlasika

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1834" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Green_Chillies_TV.png",Green Chillies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Green_Chillies_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1838" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Devam.png",Devam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Devam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1848" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AAS_Vidyalaya_State_Boards.png",AAS Vidyalaya State Boards
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AAS_Vidyalaya_State_Boards

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1849" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_At_Dubai_Expo.png",India At Dubai Expo
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=India_At_Dubai_Expo

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1059" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST3_HD.png",TEST3 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST3_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1060" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST4_HD.png",TEST4 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST4_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1061" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST5_HD.png",TEST5 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST5_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1062" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST6_HD.png",TEST6 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST6_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1063" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST7_HD.png",TEST7 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST7_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1148" group-title="JTV Shopping English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST8_HD.png",TEST8 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST8_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1205" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Ganga.png",ABP Ganga
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Ganga

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1209" group-title="JTV Entertainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalaignar_TV.png",Kalaignar TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kalaignar_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1210" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalaignar_Seithigal_.png",Kalaignar Seithigal 
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kalaignar_Seithigal_

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1212" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hare_Krsna_Pravachan.png",Hare Krsna Pravachan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hare_Krsna_Pravachan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1216" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Highbrow.png",Highbrow
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Highbrow

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1217" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/LordShri_Vitthal.png",Lord Shri Vitthal Rukmini
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=LordShri_Vitthal

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1219" group-title="JTV Infotainment Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_HD_Tamil.png",Animal Planet HD Tamil
https://jiotvlive.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Animal_Planet_HD_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1220" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rajyoga_TV.png",Rajyoga TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rajyoga_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1221" group-title="JTV Devotional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rajyoga_Malayalam.png",Rajyoga Malayalam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rajyoga_Malayalam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1222" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GovindDevji_Jaipur.png",Mandir Shri Govinddevji-Jaipur
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GovindDevji_Jaipur

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1223" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dagdusheth_Pune.png",Dagdusheth Ganpati - Pune
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dagdusheth_Pune

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1224" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nimbark.png",Nimbark TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nimbark

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1225" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Click_Life.png",Click Life
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Click_Life

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1226" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_HD_Plus.png",Nick HD+
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_HD_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1228" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ambabai_Temple.png",Ambabai Temple-Kolhapur
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ambabai_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1229" group-title="JTV Infotainment Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST9_HD.png",TEST9 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST9_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1230" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VR_360.png",PTC VR
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VR_360

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1234" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Hindi_HD.png",Jio Football Hindi HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_Hindi_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1235" group-title="JTV Sports Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Tamil_HD.png",Jio Football Tamil HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_Tamil_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1236" group-title="JTV Sports Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Malayalam_HD.png",Jio Football Malayalam HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_Malayalam_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1239" group-title="JTV Sports Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Bangali_HD.png",Jio Football Bengali HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Football_Bangali_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1240" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST10_HD.png",TEST10 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST10_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1241" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/God_TV.png",God TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=God_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1242" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Telugu.png",Sonic Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1243" group-title="JTV Kids Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Kannada.png",Sonic Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sonic_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1244" group-title="JTV Kids Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Kannada.png",Nick Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nick_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1246" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tripura_News.png",Headlines Tripura
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tripura_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1250" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TWENTY_FOUR_NEWS.png",Twenty Four News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TWENTY_FOUR_NEWS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1251" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Bharatvarsh.png",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV9_Bharatvarsh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1252" group-title="JTV Infotainment Urdu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEHZEEB_TV.png",Tehzeeb TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEHZEEB_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1253" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kolkata_LIVE.png",Kolkata Live
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kolkata_LIVE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1254" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Telugu.png",Aastha Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1255" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Tamil.png",Aastha Tamil
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha_Tamil

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1256" group-title="JTV Devotional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Kannada.png",Aastha Kannada
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aastha_Kannada

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1257" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Samachar.png",Surya Samachar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Surya_Samachar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1258" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Cinema.png",Surya Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Surya_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1259" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Bhakti.png",Surya Bhakti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Surya_Bhakti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1260" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CTVN_AKD_Plus.png",Ctvn Akd Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=CTVN_AKD_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1261" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Calcutta_News.png",Calcutta News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Calcutta_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1263" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Total_Tv_Haryana.png",Total Tv Haryana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Total_Tv_Haryana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1264" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kolkata_TV.png",Kolkata TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kolkata_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1265" group-title="JTV Infotainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Global_Sanjh.png",Global Sanjh
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Global_Sanjh

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1266" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bflix_Movies.png",Bflix Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bflix_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1267" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/iLove.png",iLove
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=iLove

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1268" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABZY_Dhakad.png",ABZY Dhakad
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABZY_Dhakad

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1269" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABZY_Cool.png",ABZY Cool
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABZY_Cool

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1270" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABZY_Movies.png",ABZY Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABZY_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1271" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Udupi_Krishna_Temple.png",Sh Krishna Matta Adamaru Paryaya UDUPI
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Udupi_Krishna_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1273" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sugran.png",Sugran
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sugran

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1274" group-title="JTV News Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Studio_One.png",Studio One
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Studio_One

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1276" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Box_Cinema.png",Box Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Box_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1277" group-title="JTV Devotional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nireekshana_TV.png",Nireekshana TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nireekshana_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1278" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prarthana_Bhawan.png",Prarthana Bhawan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prarthana_Bhawan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1279" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_Grand.png",Manoranjan Grand
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manoranjan_Grand

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1280" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_TV.png",Manoranjan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manoranjan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1281" group-title="JTV Movies Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_Movies.png",Manoranjan Movies
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manoranjan_Movies

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1282" group-title="JTV Movies Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Khusboo_TV.png",Khushboo TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Khusboo_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1283" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hanuman_Mahavir_Temple.png",Mahavir Mandir Patna
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hanuman_Mahavir_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1284" group-title="JTV Devotional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vignesh_TV.PNG",Vignesh TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Vignesh_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1286" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Insync.png",Insync
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Insync

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1287" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ANB_News.png",ANB News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ANB_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1288" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Omkareshwar_Temple.png",Shri Omkareshwar Mandir
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Omkareshwar_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1290" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/StarTell.png",Stars Tell
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=StarTell

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1291" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Sanjha.png",ABP Sanjha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ABP_Sanjha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1292" group-title="JTV Lifestyle Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Wellness_TV.png",Wellness
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Wellness_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1293" group-title="JTV News Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lokshahi_News.png",Lokshahi News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Lokshahi_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1294" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dsports.png",Eurosport
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dsports

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1295" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Kadak.png",B4U Kadak
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=B4U_Kadak

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1296" group-title="JTV Movies Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Bhojpuri.png",B4U Bhojpuri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=B4U_Bhojpuri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1297" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_Bangla.png",TV Bangla
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TV_Bangla

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1299" group-title="JTV Entertainment Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manjari_TV.png",Manjari TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Manjari_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1315" group-title="JTV Devotional English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HHDL.png",HHDL
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=HHDL

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1316" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Iskon_Temples_New.png",ISKCON Darshan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Iskon_Temples_New

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1317" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sri_Patna_Sahib.png",Takht Sri Patna Sahib - Patna
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sri_Patna_Sahib

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1325" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Infinity_SD.png",Colors Infinity SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Infinity_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1327" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Comedy_Central_SD.png",Comedy Central SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Comedy_Central_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1338" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RT_TV.png",RT TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=RT_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1393" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Wah.png",Sony Wah
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Wah

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1396" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SD.png",Sony SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1405" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NHK_World_Japan.png",NHK World Japan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NHK_World_Japan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1408" group-title="JTV News Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Reporter_TV.png",Reporter TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Reporter_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1411" group-title="JTV Music Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SongDew_TV.png",SongDew TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SongDew_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1412" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shani_Shingnapur.png",Shani Shingnapur
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shani_Shingnapur

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1414" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prati_Shirdi_Saibaba.png",Prati Shirdi Saibaba
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Prati_Shirdi_Saibaba

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1415" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ganga_Darshan_Varanasi.png",Ganga Darshan Varanasi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ganga_Darshan_Varanasi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1416" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ashtavinayak_Ozar.png",Ashtavinayak Ozar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ashtavinayak_Ozar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1417" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SVBC2.png",SVBC2
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SVBC2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1418" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ichhapuran_Balaji_Rajasthan.png",Ichhapuran Balaji Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ichhapuran_Balaji_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1419" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Iskon_Girgaon.png",Iskon Girgaon
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Iskon_Girgaon

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1420" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ashtavinayak_Ranjangaon.png",Ashtavinayak Ranjangaon
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Ashtavinayak_Ranjangaon

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1421" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Karani_Mata_Rajasthan.png",Karani Mata Rajasthan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Karani_Mata_Rajasthan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1422" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mahalaxmi_Mumbai.png",Mahalaxmi Mumbai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mahalaxmi_Mumbai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1423" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Babulnaath_Mumbai.png",Babulnaath Mumbai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Babulnaath_Mumbai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1424" group-title="JTV Devotional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mumbadevi_Mumbai.png",Mumbadevi Mumbai
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Mumbadevi_Mumbai

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1425" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/1Sports.png",1Sports
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=1Sports

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1426" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Santvani.png",Santvani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Santvani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1427" group-title="JTV News Odia" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nandighosha.png",Nandighosha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nandighosha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1430" group-title="JTV Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_KIDS.png",Jio KIDS
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_KIDS

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1431" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_Hindi.png",BBC News Hindi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=BBC_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1432" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TIME8.png",TIME8
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TIME8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1438" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Velukkudi_Discourses.png",Velukkudi Discourses
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Velukkudi_Discourses

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1440" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Krishna_Vani.png",Krishna Vani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Krishna_Vani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1441" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Wah_Punjabi.png",Wah Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Wah_Punjabi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1444" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/YTV_INDIA.png",YTV India
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=YTV_INDIA

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1450" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rishtey_Cineplex.png",Rishtey Cineplex
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Rishtey_Cineplex

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1451" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9_Bharat_Samachar.png",9 Bharat Samachar
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=9_Bharat_Samachar

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1452" group-title="JTV Movies Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shemaroo_MarathiBana.png",Shemaroo MarathiBana
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shemaroo_MarathiBana

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1453" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Balle_Balle_TV.png",Balle Balle TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Balle_Balle_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1454" group-title="JTV Devotional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shiksha_TV.png",Shiksha TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shiksha_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1455" group-title="JTV Infotainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janapriyam_News.png",Janapriyam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Janapriyam_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1457" group-title="JTV News Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Only.png",News Only
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Only

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1458" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gurkebaani.png",Gurkibani
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Gurkebaani

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1463" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Moti_Doongri.png",Shree Ganesh - Moti Doongri Jaipur
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Moti_Doongri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1464" group-title="JTV Infotainment Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Daijiworld_TV_24X7.png",Daijiworld TV 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Daijiworld_TV_24X7

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1471" group-title="JTV Infotainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_TV18_SD.png",History TV18 SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=History_TV18_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1475" group-title="JTV Entertainment Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST11_HD.png",TEST11 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST11_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1477" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Color_Cineplex_HD.png",Colors Cineplex HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Color_Cineplex_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1479" group-title="JTV JioDarshan Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nakoda_Temple.png",Shri Jain Nakoda Parshwanath Tirth
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Nakoda_Temple

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1494" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhoomi_TV.png",BHOOMI 24x7
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Bhoomi_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1514" group-title="JTV Entertainment Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kannur_one.png",Kannur One
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kannur_one

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1515" group-title="JTV News Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_J.png",News J
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_J

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1525" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST13_HD.png",TEST13 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST13_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1528" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Network_10.png",Network 10
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Network_10

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1530" group-title="JTV Movies English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pix_SD.png",Sony Pix SD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sony_Pix_SD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1534" group-title="JTV Infotainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/World_Punjab.png",World  Punjabi
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=World_Punjab

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1535" group-title="JTV Entertainment Bhojpuri" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Bhojpuri.png",Surya Bhojpuri
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Surya_Bhojpuri

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1537" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RadheKrishna_TV.png",RadheKrishna TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=RadheKrishna_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1538" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samachar_Today.png",Samachar Today
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Samachar_Today

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1539" group-title="JTV Devotional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangat_TV.png",Sangat TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sangat_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1543" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Subharti.png",Subharti
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Subharti

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1544" group-title="JTV Educational Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shiksha_Darshan.png",Shiksha Darshan
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Shiksha_Darshan

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1550" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AB_News.png",AB News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=AB_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1555" group-title="JTV News Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_First.png",News First
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_First

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1596" group-title="JTV Lifestyle English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MY_ZEN_HD.png",MY ZEN HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=MY_ZEN_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1603" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HitsIndia_HD.png",HITS HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=HitsIndia_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1632" group-title="JTV Movies Kannada" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_Cinema.png",Colors Kannada Cinema
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Kannada_Cinema

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1763" group-title="JTV Movies Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Cineplex_Bollywood.png",Colors Cineplex Bollywood
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Colors_Cineplex_Bollywood

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1780" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hoopla_Kids_TV.png",Hoopla Kidz TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Hoopla_Kids_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1827" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aakash_EduTV_NEET.png",Aakash EduTV NEET
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aakash_EduTV_NEET

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1847" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Harpal_TV.png",Harpal TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Harpal_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1850" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SVBC.png",SVBC
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SVBC

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1851" group-title="JTV Educational English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aakash_EduTV_JEE.png",Aakash EduTV JEE
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aakash_EduTV_JEE

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1853" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News11_Bharat.png",News11 Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News11_Bharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1854" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/STV_Haryana_News.png",STV Haryana News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=STV_Haryana_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1855" group-title="JTV News English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NL_TV.png",NL TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=NL_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1856" group-title="JTV News Assamese" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Time_Assam.png",News Time Assam
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Time_Assam

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1858" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SVBC3.png",SVBC3
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SVBC3

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1859" group-title="JTV Devotional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SVBC4.png",SVBC4
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=SVBC4

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1868" group-title="JTV Entertainment Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Punjab_Plus.png",Punjab Plus
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Punjab_Plus

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1869" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kenson_News.png",Kenson News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kenson_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1871" group-title="JTV Music Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/7X_Music.png",7X Music
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=7X_Music

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1872" group-title="JTV Kids English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dreamworks.png",DreamWorks
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Dreamworks

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1881" group-title="JTV Entertainment English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/E_NBCU.png",E!
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=E_NBCU

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1882" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEST15_HD.png",TEST15 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=TEST15_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1883" group-title="JTV Kids Telugu" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Telugu.png",Pogo Telugu
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pogo_Telugu

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1885" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kripa_TV.png",Kripa TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Kripa_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1886" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sansad_TV_RajyaSabha.png",Sansad TV Rajya Sabha
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Sansad_TV_RajyaSabha

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1888" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jivan_TV.png",Jivan TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jivan_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1889" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports_1_HD.png",Jio Sports 1 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Sports_1_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1890" group-title="JTV Sports English" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports_2_HD.png",Jio Sports 2 HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Sports_2_HD

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1891" group-title="JTV News Bengali" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tribe_TV.png",Tribe TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Tribe_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1894" group-title="JTV Educational Marathi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Padhega_Bharat.png",Padhega Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Padhega_Bharat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1895" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Today_24_News.png",Today 24 News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Today_24_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1896" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Flash.png",News Flash
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=News_Flash

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1897" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pulse_24.png",Pulse 24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Pulse_24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1898" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GBN24.png",GBN24
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=GBN24

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1899" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VK_News.png",VK News
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=VK_News

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1900" group-title="JTV News Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ENB.png",Express News Bharat
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=ENB

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1901" group-title="JTV Devotional Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Adhyatam_TV.png",Adhyatam TV
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Adhyatam_TV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1903" group-title="JTV News Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aaj_Ki_Baat.png",Aaj Ki Baat Gujarati
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Aaj_Ki_Baat

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="438" group-title="JTV Sports Hindi" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_Hindi.png",Jio Cricket Hindi HD
https://mayankjtv.herokuapp.com/?c=Jio_Cricket_Hindi

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinemahd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinemahd/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_167952257.png",Zee Cinema HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinemahd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinemalu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinemalu/channel_web/1170x658_1642453232.png",Zee Cinemalu HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinemalu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-tvpictureshd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-tvpictureshd/channel_web/1170x658withlog1476130363.png",&Pictures HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=tvpictureshd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetalkies" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetalkies/channel_web/1170x658_483062857.png",Zee Talkies HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetalkies
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeanmolcinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeanmolcinema/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1721007595.png",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeanmolcinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeclassic" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeclassic/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_218202605.png",Zee Bollywood
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeclassic
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinema/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_807278654.png",Zee Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-pictures" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-pictures/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1269578414.png",&Pictures
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=pictures
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeaction" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeaction/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1953200347.png",Zee Action
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeaction
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-privéhd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-privéhd/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_375086496.png",&Prive HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=privéhd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_2105335046" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_2105335046/channel_web/1170x658_379547401.png",&flix HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_2105335046
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-176" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-176/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_673971588.png",Zee Classic
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=176
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-209" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-209/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_358457080.png",&xplorHD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=209
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-216" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-216/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_20909261.png",Zee Biskope
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=216
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-224" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-224/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_334138193.png",Zee Thirai
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=224
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-394" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-394/channel_web/1170x658717187404.png",Zee Chitramandir
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=394
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-259" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-259/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_382506495.png",TV9 Kannada
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=259
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-201" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-201/channel_web/1170x658_503553443.png",Suvarna News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=201
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-indiatoday" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-indiatoday/channel_web/indiatoday117068cdd35c1f2245f4ac08b7861011f5c5.png",India Today
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=indiatoday
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-258" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-258/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_100879400.png",TV9 Telugu
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=258
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeenews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeenews/channel_web/zeenews117067d69647227c42c799c106b95e75863b.png",Zee News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeenews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_1422341819" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_1422341819/channel_web/rtv11706704bf3a67124226957ff6c042a1cac3.png",Republic TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_1422341819
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-wion" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-wion/channel_web/wion117072b948c43ee4429da75fb2754e57dea1.png",WION
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=wion
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-257" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-257/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1579827656.png",TV9 Marathi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=257
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-203" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-203/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1911071689.png",Polimer News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=203
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-306" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-306/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1787137922.png",Vendhar TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=306
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-222" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-222/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_273514222.png",TV5 News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=222
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-270" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-270/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_688844399.png",Saam TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=270
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1111951312.png",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeepunjabharyanahima
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-162" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-162/channel_web/rbharat1170b53c8b2d8aa8433bb3241a03d73320f8.png",Republic Bharat
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=162
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-aajtak" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-aajtak/channel_web/aajtak1170d58dada7cd7d49beb33cf3b6fe07c19d.png",Aaj Tak
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=aajtak
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-282" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-282/channel_web/indiatv11700e1f122838044fcb8772b2a43b655b6b.png",India TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=282
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-251" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-251/channel_web/tv9bharatvarsh117026292d6aba054bf79a6df9bb58faac64.png",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=251
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-170" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-170/channel_web/newsnation117075a8d0c62a5e4179b3e74725dfb0ea94.png",News Nation
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=170
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebusiness" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebusiness/channel_web/zeebusiness1170bdf4358f037248ab8ca4921d5027751a.png",Zee Business
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebusiness
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-206" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-206/channel_web/e24newslogo1170df2a109f270348169e905ac0c4f09e70.png",News24
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=206
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-260" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-260/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1673213675.png",TV9 Gujarati
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=260
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zee24kalak" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zee24kalak/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1335796285.png",Zee 24 Kalak
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zee24kalak
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zee24taas" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zee24taas/channel_web/zee24taas11706b837cd38a8f47239f5662d3b65773a8.png",Zee 24 Taas
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zee24taas
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-255" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-255/channel_web/gnt117056e68f21cd674630b6487d561a45c4c5.png",Good News Today
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=255
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeehindustan" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeehindustan/channel_web/zeehindustan1170b72d976bed824d51b90afa25e47e06bf.png",Zee Hindustan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeehindustan
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebiharjharkhand" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebiharjharkhand/channel_web/zeebiharjharkhand117066bbcb82e7984318b78491ad848b6515.png",Zee Bihar Jharkhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebiharjharkhand
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-171" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-171/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_217868396.png",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=171
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-24ghantatv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-24ghantatv/channel_web/zee24ghanta144006057109b4094870a564bb8291205b45.png",24 Ghanta
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=24ghantatv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeekalinganews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeekalinganews/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1893514287.png",Zee Odisha
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeekalinganews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeerajasthannews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeerajasthannews/channel_web/1170x658withlog1709739390.png",Zee Rajasthan News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeerajasthannews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeemadhyapradeshchat" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeemadhyapradeshchat/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_823530713.png",Zee Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeemadhyapradeshchat
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1413076946.png",Chardikla Time TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=chardiklatimetvtimet
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddnews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddnews/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_72275493.png",DD News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddnews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddindia" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddindia/channel_web/ddindia1170ae75e0a939e941e6ada075a7420c4524.png",DD India
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddindia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddkisan" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddkisan/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_579794123.png",DD Kisan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddkisan
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeesalaam" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeesalaam/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1866029228.png",Zee Salaam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeesalaam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddyadagiri" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddyadagiri/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_671555942.png",DD Yadagiri
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddyadagiri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_265145625" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_265145625/channel_web/zeeupuk1170a954f4baf4b74e42808140f08e16b5a3.png",Zee News Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_265145625
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-172" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-172/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1325098382.png",News State Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=172
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-200" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-200/channel_web/pgsureshkumarne_1752938193.png",Asianet News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=200
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-227" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-227/channel_web/1170x658_1957432816.png",TV5 Kannada
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=227
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-272" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-272/channel_web/indianews1170d2ca4d94bc1b452f917352338962e8b8.png",India News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=272
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-273" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-273/channel_web/newsx11708c0a9068c9f94a20a0ebefbe95a42f98.png",News X
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=273
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-274" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-274/channel_web/1170x658withlogo212610744.png",India News Punjabi Himachal
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=274
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-275" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-275/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1850271375.png",India News UP
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=275
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-276" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-276/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_324814827.png",India News Rajasthan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=276
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-277" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-277/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1336270103.png",India News MP
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=277
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-278" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-278/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1582071351.png",India News Haryana
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=278
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-279" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-279/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_1805050.png",India News Gujarat
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=279
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-280" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-280/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1639808461.png",NE News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=280
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-305" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-305/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_941446093.png",Living India
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=305
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-310" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-310/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1667539974.png",Prag News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=310
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-313" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-313/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_142056468.png",Sadhna Plus News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=313
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-314" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-314/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_171386133.png",VIP News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=314
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-317" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-317/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1346638136.png",TIME8
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=317
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-319" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-319/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2140696542.png",Sadhna News MP/CG
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=319
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-354" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-354/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1425324314.png",Bharat Samachar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=354
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-355" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-355/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_719952414.png",ABN Andhra Jyothy
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=355
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-356" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-356/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1495734600.png",News First
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=356
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-371" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-371/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_203787503.png",10TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=371
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-377" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-377/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1939892250.png",BTV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=377
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-378" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-378/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1900210183.png",TV9 Bangla
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=378
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-383" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-383/channel_web/1170x658_1535320119.png",Sudarshan TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=383
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-384" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-384/channel_web/1170x658_1283511414.png",Dainik Savera
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=384
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-385" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-385/channel_web/1170x658_1634325786.png",C News Bharat
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=385
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-386" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-386/channel_web/1170x658_1866825600.png",TV 100
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=386
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-387" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-387/channel_web/1170x658_1072460698.png",AB Star News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=387
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-388" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-388/channel_web/1170x658_290485787.png",Sanjhi Soch
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=388
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-389" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-389/channel_web/euronews117070476f8dd3d5433c8b4246c6edf5c1c1.png",Euro News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=389
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-390" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-390/channel_web/africanews11700c3b45e62ec84be48b77cd207df81479.png",Africa News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=390
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-398" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-398/channel_web/abpnews1170090c9867faf143d7b78f6b5d49a566ba.png",ABP News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=398
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-399" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-399/channel_web/1170x658_1777650730.png",ABP Ganga
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=399
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-400" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-400/channel_web/1170x658_111747038.png",ABP Majha
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=400
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-402" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-402/channel_web/1170x658_916167039.png",ABP Ananda
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=402
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-403" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-403/channel_web/1170x658_395672680.png",ABP Asmita
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=403
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-404" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-404/channel_web/1170x658_1764620565.png",ABP Sanjha
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=404
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-407" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News as" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-407/channel_web/1170x658_671581899.png",News Time Assam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=407
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-408" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News as" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-408/channel_web/1170x658_527636606.png",ND24
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=408
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-410" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-410/channel_web/1170x658_739766421.png",CVR News Telugu
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=410
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-411" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-411/channel_web/cvrenglish1170c341c1cb689247d9880a8968e024edd2.png",CVR English
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=411
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-413" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-413/channel_web/1170x658_92722619.png",Pratidin Time
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=413
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-417" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-417/channel_web/1170x658_560606826.png",News1 India
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=417
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-418" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-418/channel_web/1170x658_1377677687.png",V6
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=418
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-423" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-423/channel_web/1170x658_1426309917.png",Newsmax
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=423
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-424" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-424/channel_web/1170x658_439820624.png",Ticker News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=424
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-425" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-425/channel_web/1170x658_220005254.png",Media One
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=425
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-430" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-430/channel_web/sarath_1170.png",Kairali News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=430
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-431" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-431/channel_web/rbangla_1170.png",Republic Bangla
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=431
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-9z583386" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-9z583386/channel_web/timesnownavbharat117041f74f15592743eab48d343f0227d655.png",Times Now Navbharat
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=9z583386
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-bigmagic_1786965389" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-bigmagic_1786965389/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2022520414.png",Big Magic
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=bigmagic_1786965389
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetvhd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetvhd/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1554775145.png",Zee TV HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetvhd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-tvhd_0" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-tvhd_0/channel_web/1170x658withlogo378606665.png",&TV HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=tvhd_0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeemarathi" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeemarathi/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_551054149.png",Zee Marathi HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeemarathi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeyuva" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeyuva/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_361849131.png",Zee Yuva
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeyuva
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecafehd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecafehd/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_325698699.png",Zee Café HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecafehd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-bigganga" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-bigganga/channel_web/1170x658_1735687172.png",Zee Ganga
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=bigganga
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetamil" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetamil/channel_web/1170x658_1250786368.png",Zee Tamil HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetamil
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetelugu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetelugu/channel_web/1170x658_593933473.png",Zee Telugu HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetelugu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeekannada" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeekannada/channel_web/1170x658_611455469.png",Zee Kannada HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeekannada
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-129" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-129/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_268830785.png",Zee Keralam HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=129
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebangla" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebangla/channel_web/1170x658_310781121.png",Zee Bangla HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebangla
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeanmol" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeanmol/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1844143347.png",Zee Anmol
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeanmol
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebanglacinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebanglacinema/channel_web/1170x658withlog1238879598.png",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebanglacinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-215" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-215/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1031170304.png",Zee Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=215
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddodia" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddodia/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1372768736.png",DD Odia
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddodia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-165" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-165/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1849594732.png",Boogle Bollywood
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=165
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_2132977507" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_2132977507/channel_web/1170x658withlog1071598760.png",Alpha ETC Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_2132977507
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetv/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_200095097.png",Zee TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-makkaltv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-makkaltv/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_579936187.png",Makkal TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=makkaltv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddpodhigai" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddpodhigai/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1550486077.png",DD Podhigai
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddpodhigai
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddmalayalam" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddmalayalam/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1300475155.png",DD Malayalam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddmalayalam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddbangla" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddbangla/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1242891543.png",DD Bangla
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddbangla
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddchandana" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddchandana/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_222569298.png",DD Chandana
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddchandana
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-sarthaktv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-sarthaktv/channel_web/1170x658withlog1150431941.png",Zee Sarthak
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=sarthaktv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddsahyadri" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddsahyadri/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1078376781.png",DD Sahyadri
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddsahyadri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddgirnar" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddgirnar/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1445842484.png",DD Girnar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddgirnar
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddurdu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddurdu/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1440959247.png",DD Urdu
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddurdu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddrajasthanjaipur" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddrajasthanjaipur/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1491909175.png",DD Rajasthan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddrajasthanjaipur
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddbharati" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddbharati/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1749264623.png",DD Bharati
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddbharati
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddmadhyapradesh" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddmadhyapradesh/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1218231157.png",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddmadhyapradesh
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddbihar" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddbihar/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1865440648.png",DD Bihar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddbihar
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-dduttarpradesh" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-dduttarpradesh/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1445486903.png",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=dduttarpradesh
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddpunjabi" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddpunjabi/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1007647800.png",DD Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddpunjabi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-241" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-241/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1692640342.png",Zee Picchar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=241
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-250" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-250/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_436360213.png",DD National HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=250
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-322" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment as" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-322/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1602476580.png",Rengoni
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=322
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-434" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-434/channel_web/1170x658zee5ki682000421.png",Live Test Global
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=434
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-24ghantatv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-24ghantatv/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_644392845.png",24 Ghanta
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=24ghantatv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebangla" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebangla/channel_web/1170x658_310781121.png",Zee Bangla HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebangla
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeebanglacinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment bn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeebanglacinema/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1238879598.png",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeebanglacinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_1144658965" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_1144658965/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1152304152.png",Sanskar TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_1144658965
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-327" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-327/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2031259137.png",Shubh TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=327
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_1565694979" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_1565694979/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_66703857.png",Satsang TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_1565694979
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-divyatv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-divyatv/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2128007300.png",Divya TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=divyatv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-166" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-166/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_450865576.png",Krishna Vani
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=166
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-183" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-183/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1124442022.png",Hare Krsna
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=183
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-284" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-284/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_844800250.png",Sadhna TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=284
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-285" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-285/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1126976137.png",Ishwar  TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=285
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-316" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-316/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1836335736.png",Awakening
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=316
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-345" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-345/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_361016754.png",Ek Onkar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=345
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-412" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-412/channel_web/1170x658_1626283630.png",Devam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=412
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-433" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Drama ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-433/channel_web/tamil1170x658list4c7c6f75527743cd929bed695fb6c96e.png",ZCL 2022 Tamil
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=433
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-wion" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-wion/channel_web/wionpalkisharmaupadhyay.png",WION
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=wion
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-273" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-273/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2139188797.png",News X
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=273
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-389" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-389/channel_web/1170x658_1189289223.png",Euro News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=389
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-170" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-170/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2090292605.png",News Nation
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=170
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-171" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-171/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_217868396.png",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=171
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-172" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-172/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1325098382.png",News State Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=172
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-260" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-260/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1673213675.png",TV9 Gujarati
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=260
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zee24kalak" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zee24kalak/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1335796285.png",Zee 24 Kalak
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zee24kalak
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-163" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-163/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_382762389.png",Shiksha TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=163
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddgirnar" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddgirnar/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1445842484.png",DD Girnar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddgirnar
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinemahd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinemahd/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_167952257.png",Zee Cinema HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinemahd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-tvpictureshd" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-tvpictureshd/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1476130363.png",&Pictures HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=tvpictureshd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeanmolcinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeanmolcinema/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1721007595.png",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeanmolcinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeclassic" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeclassic/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_218202605.png",Zee Bollywood
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeclassic
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinema" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinema/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_807278654.png",Zee Cinema
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-pictures" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-pictures/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1269578414.png",&Pictures
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=pictures
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeaction" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeaction/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1953200347.png",Zee Action
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeaction
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-176" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-176/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_673971588.png",Zee Classic
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=176
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-170" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-170/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2090292605.png",News Nation
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=170
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-171" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-171/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_217868396.png",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=171
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-172" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-172/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1325098382.png",News State Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=172
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-163" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Devotional gu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-163/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_382762389.png",Shiksha TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=163
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-259" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-259/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_382506495.png",TV9 Kannada
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=259
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-201" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-201/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1629853975.png",Suvarna News
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=201
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeekannada" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeekannada/channel_web/1170x658_611455469.png",Zee Kannada HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeekannada
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddchandana" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddchandana/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_222569298.png",DD Chandana
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddchandana
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-227" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-227/channel_web/1170x658_1957432816.png",TV5 Kannada
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=227
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-241" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-241/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1692640342.png",Zee Picchar
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=241
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-356" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-356/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1495734600.png",News First
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=356
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-377" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News kn" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-377/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1939892250.png",BTV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=377
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-207" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-207/channel_web/09207e24_list.png",E24
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=207
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-348" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-348/channel_web/1170x658withlog_2096037619.png",Zee Zest HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=348
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-271" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-271/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1625066572.png",Sugran TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=271
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-392" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-392/channel_web/1170x658_11759167.png",Fashion TV Mumbai
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=392
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-393" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-393/channel_web/1170x658_1715566364.png",Fashion TV Paris
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=393
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-129" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-129/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_268830785.png",Zee Keralam HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=129
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddmalayalam" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ml" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddmalayalam/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1300475155.png",DD Malayalam
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddmalayalam
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-257" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-257/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1579827656.png",TV9 Marathi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=257
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-270" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-270/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_688844399.png",Saam TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=270
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeemarathi" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeemarathi/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_551054149.png",Zee Marathi HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeemarathi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeeyuva" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeeyuva/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_361849131.png",Zee Yuva
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeeyuva
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetalkies" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetalkies/channel_web/1170x658_483062857.png",Zee Talkies HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetalkies
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-134" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-134/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1510286564.png",9X Jhakaas
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=134
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddsahyadri" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddsahyadri/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1078376781.png",DD Sahyadri
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddsahyadri
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-271" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Lifestyle mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-271/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1625066572.png",Sugran TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=271
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-353" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-353/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1434429781.png",Zee Vajwa
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=353
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zing" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zing/channel_web/1170x658withlogo895666865.png",Zing
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zing
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-165" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-165/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1849594732.png",Boogle Bollywood
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=165
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-296" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-296/channel_web/1170x658_419268810.png",Non-stop EDM
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=296
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-353" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music mr" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-353/channel_web/1170x658withlog1434429781.png",Zee Vajwa
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=353
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-375" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music hv" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-375/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_976067553.png",Haryanvi Hits
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=375
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-376" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-376/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1062825349.png",Wah Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=376
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeekalinganews" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeekalinganews/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1893514287.png",Zee Odisha
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeekalinganews
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddodia" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment or" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddodia/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1372768736.png",DD Odia
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddodia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1111951312.png",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeepunjabharyanahima
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-215" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-215/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1031170304.png",Zee Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=215
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1413076946.png",Chardikla Time TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=chardiklatimetvtimet
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-132" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Music pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-132/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_790675165.png",9X Tashan
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=132
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-channel_2132977507" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pu" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-channel_2132977507/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1071598760.png",Alpha ETC Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=channel_2132977507
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddpunjabi" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddpunjabi/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1007647800.png",DD Punjabi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddpunjabi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-274" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-274/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_212610744.png",India News Punjabi Himachal
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=274
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-305" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-305/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_941446093.png",Living India
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=305
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-384" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-384/channel_web/1170x658_1283511414.png",Dainik Savera
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=384
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-388" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News pa" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-388/channel_web/1170x658_290485787.png",Sanjhi Soch
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=388
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-428" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Sports hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-428/channel_web/zeenewssudhirchaudhary21.png",Internal VE Test
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=428
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-429" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Sports en" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-429/channel_web/english1170x658listdd79ff2b2a6c46d2b1b3e79f3042d32f.png",ZCL 2022 English
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=429
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-432" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Sports hi" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-432/channel_web/hindi1170x658list5a3eac986b6d49d082e861e5eb13a4fc.png",ZCL 2022 Hindi
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=432
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-306" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-306/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1787137922.png",Vendhar TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=306
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetamil" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetamil/channel_web/1170x658_1250786368.png",Zee Tamil HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetamil
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-makkaltv" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-makkaltv/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_579936187.png",Makkal TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=makkaltv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-ddpodhigai" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment ta" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-ddpodhigai/channel_web/1170x658withlog_1550486077.png",DD Podhigai
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=ddpodhigai
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-258" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-258/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_100879400.png",TV9 Telugu
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=258
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeetelugu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Entertainment te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeetelugu/channel_web/1170x658_593933473.png",Zee Telugu HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeetelugu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-zeecinemalu" group-title="Mayank-Z5 Movie te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-zeecinemalu/channel_web/1170x658_1642453232.png",Zee Cinemalu HD
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=zeecinemalu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-355" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-355/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_719952414.png",ABN Andhra Jyothy
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=355
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="0-9-371" group-title="Mayank-Z5 News te" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/resources/0-9-371/channel_web/1170x658withlogo_203787503.png",10TV
https://mayank5.herokuapp.com/?c=371

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SET HD
https://bit.ly/3fKTNU8seTHd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SAB HD
https://bit.ly/3fBsABhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY PAL
https://bit.ly/30a3wsONyPal
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MARATHI
https://bit.ly/32JsoNYMaraTHi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY AATH
https://bit.ly/2ORsONyaAaTh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY YAY HIN
https://bit.ly/2WmsoNYYaY
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MAX HD
https://bit.ly/32bsOnymAXhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MAX 2
https://bit.ly/30dsoNYmaX2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY WAH
https://bit.ly/3j7sOnywAh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY PIX HD
https://bit.ly/32sOnypIXhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 1 HD
https://bit.ly/2B9tEN1hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 2 HD
https://bit.ly/2DOtEN2hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 3 HD
https://bit.ly/2OwtEn3hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 1
https://bit.ly/2ZtEn1Sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 2
https://bit.ly/30teN2sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 3
https://bit.ly/2B9teN3sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SIX
https://bit.ly/3j8sIx7sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SIX HD
https://bit.ly/3h6sIXHd

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id=619  tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-v3/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-m3.png"   group-title=Lifestyle,   Naaptol
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha


#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WfAU7pB.png",3 Tamil TV (720p)
https://6n3yogbnd9ok-hls-live.5centscdn.com/threetamil/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgu


#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WfAU7pB.png",3 Tamil TV (720p)
https://6n3yogbnd9ok-hls-live.5centscdn.com/threetamil/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgu
#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WfAU7pB.png",3 Tamil TV (720p)
https://6n3yogbnd9ok-hls-live.5centscdn.com/threetamil/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/P5EXpPy.jpg",7S Music (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/7smusic/Live/Channel(7smusic)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IgwQ7o5.png",Aathavan TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://45.77.66.224:1935/athavantv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAgaVPa.jpg",Akaram Kidz (460p) [Not 24/7]
http://akaram.zecast.net/akaram-live/akaramkidz/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://static.asianetnews.com/v1/images/tamil_logo.png",Asianet News Tamil (360p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/ptm-origin/aslive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UXg6sac.png",Captain TV (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/captain/Live/Channel(Captain)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/f7J37yv.png",EET TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.streamjo.com/eetlive/eettv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/radWIeb.png",Isai Aruvi (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/isaiaruvi/Live/Channel(IsaiAruvi)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/3a/Kalaignar_logo.jpg",Kalaignar (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kalaignartv/Live/Channel(KalaignarTV)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ZDXVWVQ.png",Kalaignar Murasu (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/kalaignarmurasu/Live/Channel(KalaignarMurasu)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qWOnWhQ.png",Kalaignar Seithikal (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/kalaignarseithikal/Live/Channel(KalaignarSeithikal)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Comedy" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bqXRXaZ.png",Kalaignar Sirippoli (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kalaignarsirippoli/Live/Channel(Kalaignarsirippoli)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="General" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Sv4bLGX.png",Makkal TV (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0l1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FAytBoW.png",MK Six (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktv6/Live/Channel(MKTV6)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/m8DPQd6.png",MK Tunes (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktunes/Live/Channel(MKTunes)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UxxbaR3.png",MK TV (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktv/Live/Channel(MKTV)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/oBjgUTc.png",News 7 Tamil (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0kp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xgEQiso.png",Peppers (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/peppers/Live/Channel(Peppers)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1q1LQQ9.png",Puthuyugam TV (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/puthuyugam/Live/Channel(Puthuyugam)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D03gyp2.png",Sana TV (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/sanatv/sanatv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LsacUVi.png",Santhora TV (720p)
http://rtmp.santhoratv.zecast.net/santhoratv/santhoratv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE" tvg-id="144" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Six_HD.png" ,SONY SIX HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/DD7fA-HgSUaLyZp9AjRYxQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE" tvg-id="144" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten2_HD.png" ,SONY TEN 2 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/Syu8F41-R1y_JmQ7x0oNxQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE" tvg-id="144" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten3_HD.png" ,SONY TEN 3 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/nmQFuHURTYGQBNdUG-2Qdw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE" tvg-id="144" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Six_SD.png" ,SONY SIX
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/S-q8I27RRzmkb-OIdoaiAw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE" tvg-id="144" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_1.png" ,SONY TEN 1
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/4_pnLi2QTe6bRGvvahRbfg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE" tvg-id="144" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_2.png" ,SONY TEN 2
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/nspQRqO5RmC06VmlPrTwkQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE" tvg-id="144" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_3.png" ,SONY TEN 3
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/9kocjiLUSf-erlSrv3d4Mw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF: group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE" tvg-id="892" tvg-logo="https://origin-staticv2.sonyliv.com/masthead_logo/SonyTEN4SD_Masthead_Logo.png" ,SONY TEN 4 SD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/hInaEKUJSziZAGv9boOdjg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-id="892" tvg-logo="https://origin-staticv2.sonyliv.com/masthead_logo/SonyTEN4HD_Masthead_Logo.png" group-title="SONYLIV-LIVE",SONY TEN 4 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/x4LxWUcVSIiDaq1VCM7DSA/master.m3u8

#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_HD.png",SONY HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/HgaB-u6rSpGx3mo4Xu3sLw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SAB.png",SAB HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/UI4QFJ_uRk6aLxIcADqa_A/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Marathi_SD.png",SONY MARATHI
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/-_w3Jbq3QoW-mFCM2YIzxA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pal.png",SONY PAL
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/rPzF28qORbKZkhci_04fdQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_aath.png",SONY AATH
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/pSVzGmMpQR6jdmwwJg87OQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Hindi.png",SONY YAY
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/40H5HfwWTZadFGYkBTqagg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Max_HD.png",SONY MAX HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/Qyqz40bSQriqSuAC7R8_Fw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SET_MAX.png",SONY MAX
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/oJ-TGgVFSgSMBUoTkauvFQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Wah.png",SONY WAH
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/H_ZvXWqHRGKpHcdDE5RcDA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_MAX2.png",SONY MAX2
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/4Jcu195QTpCNBXGnpw2I6g/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pix_HD.png",SONY PIX HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/8FR5Q-WfRWCkbMq_GxZ77w/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Six_HD.png",SONY SIX HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/DD7fA-HgSUaLyZp9AjRYxQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_HD.png",SONY TEN 1 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/yeYP86THQ4yl7US8Zx5eug/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten2_HD.png",SONY TEN 2 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/Syu8F41-R1y_JmQ7x0oNxQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten3_HD.png",SONY TEN 3 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/nmQFuHURTYGQBNdUG-2Qdw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Six_SD.png",SONY SIX
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/S-q8I27RRzmkb-OIdoaiAw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_1.png",SONY TEN 1
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/4_pnLi2QTe6bRGvvahRbfg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_2.png",SONY TEN 2
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/nspQRqO5RmC06VmlPrTwkQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_3.png",SONY TEN 3
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/9kocjiLUSf-erlSrv3d4Mw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="https://origin-staticv2.sonyliv.com/masthead_logo/SonyTEN4SD_Masthead_Logo.png",SONY TEN 4 SD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/hInaEKUJSziZAGv9boOdjg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="https://origin-staticv2.sonyliv.com/masthead_logo/SonyTEN4HD_Masthead_Logo.png",SONY TEN 4 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/x4LxWUcVSIiDaq1VCM7DSA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLiv" tvg-logo="https://origin-staticv2.sonyliv.com/masthead_logo/5571681160001.png",BBC EARTH
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/V73ovbgASP-xGvQQOukwTQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",24 Ghanta
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-24ghantatv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Republic Bharat
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-162
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeenews
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Polimer News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-203
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Putiya Thalamurai
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-220
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Vendhar TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-306
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",TV9 Telugu
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-258
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",TV5 News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-222
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Saam TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-270
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",TV9 Marathi
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-257
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Aaj Tak
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-aajtak
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-282
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-251
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Busines
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeebusiness
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",TV9 Gujarati
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-260
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee 24 Kalak
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zee24kalak
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",TV9 Kannada
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-259
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",News24
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-206
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India Today
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-indiatoday
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Tez
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-255
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee 24 Taas
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zee24taas
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Hindustan
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeehindustan
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Bihar Jharkhand
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeebiharjharkhand
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",WION
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-wion
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",E24
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-207
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Odisha
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeekalinganews
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Rajasthan News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeerajasthannews
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-171
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zing
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zing
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Big Magic
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-bigmagic_1786965389
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee TV HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeetvhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",&TV HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-tvhd_0
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Marathi HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeemarathi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Yuva
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeeyuva
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Café HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeecafehd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeemadhyapradeshchat
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Kannada
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeekannada
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Bangla
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeebangla
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Anmol
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeeanmol
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Cinema HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeecinemahd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",&Pictures HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-tvpictureshd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Talkies
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeetalkies
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Telugu
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeetelugu
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeebanglacinema
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Tamil
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeetamil
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeeanmolcinema
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Bollywood
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeeclassic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Cinema
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeecinema
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",&Pictures
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-pictures
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Action
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeeaction
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Keralam HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-129
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Punjabi
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-215
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Chardikla Time TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Big Ganga
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-bigganga
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddnews
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD India
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddindia
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Kisan
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddkisan
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",9X Jalwa
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-133
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Cinemalu
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeecinemalu
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",9XM
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-131
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",9X Jhakaas
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-134
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Boogle Bollywood
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-165
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Odia
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddodia
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",&flix
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-channel_2105335046
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",9X Tashan
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-132
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Alpha ETC Punjabi
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-channel_2132977507
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sanskar TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-channel_1144658965
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Shubh TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-327
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Satsang TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-channel_1565694979
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Divya TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-divyatv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Krishna Vani
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-166
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Salaam
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeesalaam
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-zeetv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Makkal TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-makkaltv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Podhigai
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddpodhigai
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Malayalam
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddmalayalam
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Yadagiri
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddyadagiri
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Bangla
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddbangla
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Chandana
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddchandana
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Sarthak
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-sarthaktv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Sahyadri
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddsahyadri
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Girnar
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddgirnar
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Urdu
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddurdu
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Rajasthan
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddrajasthanjaipur
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Bharati
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddbharati
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddmadhyapradesh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Bihar
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddbihar
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-dduttarpradesh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Hare Krsna
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-183
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee News Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-channel_265145625
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD Punjabi
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-ddpunjabi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Classic
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-176
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",&xplorHD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-209
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Biskope
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-216
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Puthyugam TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-221
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Thirai
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-224
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Zest HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-348
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",News X
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-273
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-272
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Picchar
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-241
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",DD National HD
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-250
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sugran TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-271
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India News Punjabi Himachal
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-274
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India News UP
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-275
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India News Rajasthan
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-276
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India News MP
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-277
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India News Haryana
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-278
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",India News Gujarat
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-279
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",NE News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-280
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sadhna TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-284
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",IshwarTV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-285
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Non-stop EDM
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-296
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Local Vocal | United We Stand
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-298
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sounds of ZEE5 - Originals
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-299
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sounds of ZEE5 - Punjabi Beats
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-300
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sounds of ZEE5 - Romance
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-301
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sounds of ZEE5 - EDM
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-302
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Living India
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-305
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Prag News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-310
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sadhna Plus News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-313
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",VIP News
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-314
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Awakening
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-316
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",TIME8
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-317
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Sadhna News MP/CG
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-319
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Rengoni
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-322
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Demo Moon Live
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-373
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Ptunes
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-344
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Ek Onkar
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-345
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Zee Vajwa
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-353
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Bharat Samachar
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-354
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",News First
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-356
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",10TV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-371
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",NTV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-372
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Haryanvi Hits
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-375
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",Wah Punjabi
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-376
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",BTV
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-377
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SNEH ZEE5 LIVE",TV9 Bangla
https://sneh-z5api.herokuapp.com/?c=0-9-378
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8048.AzaadTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1623389647594.jpg",Azaad TV
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8048.AzaadTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0306.9XM.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1545220990615.jpg",9XM
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/live_hd/0306.9XM.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0204.MusicIndia.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392696883.jpg",Music India
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls_hd/0204.MusicIndia.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0589.Mastiii.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1567397477532.jpg",Mastiii
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0589.Mastiii.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0781.9XJalwa.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1545220867249.jpg",9X Jalwa
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/live/0781.9XJalwa.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7014.ABPNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1608057116851.jpg",ABP News
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7014.ABPNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0091.IndiaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1541353350078.JPG",India TV
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0091.IndiaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0380.NewsX.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552315785886.jpg",NewsX
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0380.NewsX.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1693.IndiaNewsUP.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1558073787702.jpg",India News UP
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1693.IndiaNewsUP.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0442.IndiaNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552315699798.jpg",India News
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0442.IndiaNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0344.News24.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1558260507041.jpeg",News24
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0344.News24.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1838.GulistanNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552384672096.jpg",Gulistan News
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1838.GulistanNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0285.RSTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1632375637891.jpg",Sansad TV
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0285.RSTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0275.LoksabhaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535464207994.jpg",Loksabha TV
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0275.LoksabhaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1900.IndiaNewsMP.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392572065.jpg",India News MP
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1900.IndiaNewsMP.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0290.DDUP.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463600644.jpg",DD UP
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0290.DDUP.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/3240.NewsIndia24X7.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392712851.jpg",News India 24X7
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/3240.NewsIndia24X7.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1604.JantaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535464082702.jpg",Janta TV
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1604.JantaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Marathi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7016.ABPMajha.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1608057169573.jpg",ABP Majha
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7016.ABPMajha.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0098.DDNational.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392509740.jpg",DD National
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0098.DDNational.in_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0182.DDNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552315684641.jpg",DD News
https://m-c048-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0182.DDNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0281.DDBihar.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463301638.jpg",DD Bihar
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0281.DDBihar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0519.IBC24.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1544081572562.jpg",IBC24
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0519.IBC24.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0131.TotalTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1544081844210.jpg",Total TV
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0131.TotalTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0184.Samay.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1556288457224.jpg",Sahara Samay National
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0184.Samay.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0188.SamayUPUttrakhand.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1543408239777.jpg",Sahara Samay UP Uttrakhand
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0188.SamayUPUttrakhand.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0186.SamayRajasthan.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392926901.jpg",Sahara Samay Rajasthan
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0186.SamayRajasthan.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0187.SamayMPChhattisgarh.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392916376.jpg",Sahara Samay MP Chhattisgarh
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0187.SamayMPChhattisgarh.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1647.SadhnaMPChattisgarh.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392882223.jpg",Sadhna MP Chattisgarh
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/1647.SadhnaMPChattisgarh.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1872.FirstIndiaNewsRajasthan.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1544081965308.jpg",First India News Rajasthan
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1872.FirstIndiaNewsRajasthan.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1843.KNews24X7.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1547632300570.jpg",K News India
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1843.KNews24X7.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5208.HindiKhabar.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1554722707697.jpg",Hindi Khabar
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/5208.HindiKhabar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX  Live event" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/9999.MXLive.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1634366348634.jpg",MX Live
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/9999.MXLive.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5045.BFlixMovies.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1536151119917.jpg",BFlix Movies
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5045.BFlixMovies.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/4704.HousefullAction.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1536151299517.jpg",Housefull Action
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/4704.HousefullAction.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/2172.ManoranjanMovies.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535537678437.jpg",Manoranjan Movies
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2172.ManoranjanMovies.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0079.Filmy.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463753952.jpg",Filmy
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0079.Filmy.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/2820.MahaMovie.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535464244460.jpg",Maha Movie
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2820.MahaMovie.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/2940.WOWCinemaOne.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1554127110901.JPG",WOW Cinema One
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2940.WOWCinemaOne.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/6107.YTVIndiaHD.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1589273776740.jpg",YTV India HD
https://m-c048-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls_hd/6107.YTVIndiaHD.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1309.IshwarTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1554455564178.jpg",Ishwar TV
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1309.IshwarTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5265.HareKrsna.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463846600.jpg",Hare Krsna
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5265.HareKrsna.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0116.Sanskar.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535465007306.jpg",Sanskar
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0116.Sanskar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5835.BhaktiSagar.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463059968.jpg",Bhakti Sagar
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5835.BhaktiSagar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1115.ShubhsandeshTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1543828409920.jpg",Shubhsandesh TV
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1115.ShubhsandeshTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0133.Sadhna.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1543827526739.jpg",Sadhna TV
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0133.Sadhna.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/6491.KrishnaVani.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552999154509.jpg",Krishna Vani
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6491.KrishnaVani.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5264.GoodnewsTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1543828187115.jpg",Goodnews TV
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5264.GoodnewsTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/2639.Epic.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552315665808.jpg",Epic
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2639.Epic.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0178.DDBharati.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535537628599.jpg",DD Bharati
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0178.DDBharati.in_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0353.Firangi.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535537649542.jpg",Firangi
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0353.Firangi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0180.DDIndia.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392493086.jpg",DD India
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0180.DDIndia.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1683.DDMadhyaPradesh.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463428992.jpg",DD Madhya Pradesh
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1683.DDMadhyaPradesh.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/9310.GODTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1555401186053.jpg",GOD TV
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/9310.GODTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0252.DDBangla.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463247033.jpg",DD Bangla
https://m-c048-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0252.DDBangla.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0138.SangeetBangla.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552387328406.jpg",Sangeet Bangla
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0138.SangeetBangla.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5956.KolkataLive.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535464177413.jpg",Kolkata Live
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5956.KolkataLive.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bhojpuri GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5332.Dishum.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1537963348466.jpg",Dishum
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5332.Dishum.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bhojpuri GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1359.AnjanTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463038783.jpg",Anjan TV
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1359.AnjanTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0950.DabanggTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1537963271535.jpg",Dabangg TV
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0950.DabanggTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bhojpuri Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1785.OscarMoviesBhojpuri.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535464489210.jpg",Oscar Movies Bhojpuri
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1785.OscarMoviesBhojpuri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bhojpuri Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0432.SangeetBhojpuri.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392940661.jpg",Sangeet Bhojpuri
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0432.SangeetBhojpuri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/6504.ShikshaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552315803912.jpg",Shiksha TV
https://m-a5-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/shikshatv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/6518.ValambhaktiHD.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1594732243027.jpg",Valam TV
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6518.ValambhaktiHD.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1738.LakshyaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1558448044895.jpg",Lakshya TV
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1738.LakshyaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0254.DDGirnar.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392459508.jpg",DD Girnar
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0254.DDGirnar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5730.IndiaNewsGujarat.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392553997.jpg",India News Gujarat
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5730.IndiaNewsGujarat.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5389.MantavyaNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1617348909652.jpg",Mantavya News
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5389.MantavyaNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1692.IndiaNewsHaryana.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463908195.jpg",India News Haryana
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1692.IndiaNewsHaryana.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Kannada GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0255.DDChandana.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463325575.jpg",DD Chandana
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0255.DDChandana.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Kannada News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5921.NewsXKannada.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392725366.jpg",NewsX Kannada
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5921.NewsXKannada.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Kannada News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5412.TV5Kannada.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1542964257973.jpg",TV5 Kannada
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5412.TV5Kannada.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Kannada News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/4969.BTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1536153017432.jpg",BTV
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/4969.BTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Kashmiri GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0282.DDKashir.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463398399.jpg",DD Kashir
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0282.DDKashir.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Malayalam GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1662.KaumudyTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1542008292502.jpg",Kaumudy TV
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1662.KaumudyTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Malayalam GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0261.DDMalayalam.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463448639.jpg",DD Malayalam
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0261.DDMalayalam.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Malayalam Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1380.KappaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552384776784.jpg",Kappa TV
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1380.KappaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Malayalam GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0264.JeevanTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1541434103370.jpg",Jeevan TV
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0264.JeevanTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Marathi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0113.DDSahyadri.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463564844.jpg",DD Sahyadri
https://m-c048-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0113.DDSahyadri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Marathi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1759.Maiboli.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552386808959.jpg",Maiboli
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1759.Maiboli.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Marathi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/3724.SangeetMarathi.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552392961420.jpg",Sangeet Marathi
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/3724.SangeetMarathi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Marathi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0750.9XJhakaas.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552384478964.jpg",9X Jhakaas
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/live/0750.9XJhakaas.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Assamese GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0284.DDNorthEast.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463497675.jpg",DD North East
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0284.DDNorthEast.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0263.DDPunjabi.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1538640430775.JPG",DD Punjabi
https://m-c048-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0263.DDPunjabi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5366.Pitaara.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535976851878.JPG",Pitaara
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5366.Pitaara.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/5416.BoogleBollywood.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552998444643.jpg",Boogle Bollywood
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5416.BoogleBollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0197.MH1.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1544189994326.jpg",MH1
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0197.MH1.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/6492.WahPunjabi.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552999207034.jpg",Wah Punjabi
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6492.WahPunjabi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1712.IndiaNewsRajasthan.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552384722318.jpg",India News Rajasthan
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1712.IndiaNewsRajasthan.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/4154.NambikkaiTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1543828333380.jpg",Nambikkai TV
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/4154.NambikkaiTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0250.DDPodhigai.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463516112.jpg",DD Podhigai
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0250.DDPodhigai.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0680.CaptainTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463113447.jpg",Captain TV
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0680.CaptainTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/3731.Tunes6.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552387113014.jpg",Tunes 6
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/3731.Tunes6.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0211.MakkalTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535464283279.jpg",Makkal TV
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0211.MakkalTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0727.PuthiyaThalaimurai.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535537717842.jpg",Puthiya Thalaimurai
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0727.PuthiyaThalaimurai.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0434.Subhavaartha.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1543827303308.jpg",Subhavaartha
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0434.Subhavaartha.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0286.DDSaptagiri.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463538962.jpg",DD Saptagiri
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0286.DDSaptagiri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/2269.StudioOne.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1580125615260.jpg",Studio One Plus
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2269.StudioOne.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/1901.Tollywood.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535465075607.jpg",Tollywood
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1901.Tollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/2880.DDYadagiri.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535463634327.jpg",DD Yadagiri
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2880.DDYadagiri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0440.TV5Telugu.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1542964247055.jpg",TV5 Telugu
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0440.TV5Telugu.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Urdu News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0375.AalamiSamay.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1554722534887.jpg",Sahara Aalami Samay
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0375.AalamiSamay.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/6006.SuryaSamachar.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1558593274997.jpg",Surya Samachar
https://m-c037-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6006.SuryaSamachar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0515.MahaaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1558352506850.jpg",Mahaa TV
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0515.MahaaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/0389.E24.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1535980264378.jpg",E24
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0389.E24.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/3223.Multiplex.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1565261799196.jpg",Multiplex
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/3223.Multiplex.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/6521.Movieplus.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1559821113768.jpg",Movie Plus
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6521.Movieplus.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/6652.HamariSanskrutiTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1560427725394.jpg",Hamari Sanskruti TV
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6652.HamariSanskrutiTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Oriya News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7001.Kalinga.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1565683828136.jpg",Kalinga TV
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7001.Kalinga.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7003.Samarpan.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574080642597.jpg",Samarpan TV
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7003.Samarpan.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Food" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7005.FoodFoodChannel.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1566654831939.jpg",Food Food
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7005.FoodFoodChannel.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Russian News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7006.EuroNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1567778758221.jpg",Euro news
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7006.EuroNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7007.France24.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1567778813838.jpg",France 24
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7007.France24.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7008.TV5MondeASIE.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1567778886223.jpg",TV5 monde ASIE
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7008.TV5MondeASIE.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7009.KaatyaniTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1568193158605.jpg",Kaatyani TV
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7009.KaatyaniTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8006.GamingTVEG.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574771149731.jpg",Gaming TV English
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8006.GamingTVEG.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Malayalam Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8004.Mollywood.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574771014744.jpg",Mollywood
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8004.Mollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8013.TopDJTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574772740007.jpg",Top DJ TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8013.TopDJTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Urdu Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8003.Lollywood.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574770942319.jpg",Lollywood
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8003.Lollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX  Sports" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8018.FitnessTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574772434791.jpg",Fitness TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8018.FitnessTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8012.MovieZone.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574772096183.jpg",Movies Zone
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8012.MovieZone.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8001.Bollywood.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574770761731.jpg",Bollywood
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8001.Bollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8011.ShortFilmsTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574771939190.jpg",Short Films TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8011.ShortFilmsTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Sports" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8017.FootballTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574772381747.jpg",Football TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8017.FootballTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX  Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8007.GamingTVSP.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574771254803.jpg",Gaming TV Spanish
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8007.GamingTVSP.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Sports" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8016.SportsTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574772297087.jpg",Sports TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8016.SportsTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8002.Kollywood.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574770846721.jpg",Kollywood
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8002.Kollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8005.Tollywood.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574771082050.jpg",Tolly wood
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8005.Tollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8010.SeriesZone.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574771849293.jpg",Series Zone
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8010.SeriesZone.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Sports" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8014.FightTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574772178068.jpg",Fight TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8014.FightTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8020.LanguageCourseEnglish.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574772507867.jpg",Language Course English
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8020.LanguageCourseEnglish.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX  Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8021.LanguageCourseSpanish.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574840370069.jpg",Language Course Spanish
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8021.LanguageCourseSpanish.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Kannada News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8022.Samaranews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1611217920316.jpg",Samara news
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8022.Samaranews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8023.DWEnglish.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1572423641700.jpg",DW English
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8023.DWEnglish.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7010.KalyanTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574075076834.jpg",Kalyan TV
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7010.KalyanTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8024.DWEnglishHD.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574858634218.jpg",DW English HD
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls_hd/8024.DWEnglishHD.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX German News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8025.DWEnglishDeutsch.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1574768028648.jpg",DW Deutsch
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8025.DWEnglishDeutsch.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8027.CarsAndStars.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1575958674835.jpg",Cars and stars
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8027.CarsAndStars.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7012.GarvGurbani.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1579682040846.jpg",Garv Gurbani
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7012.GarvGurbani.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7011.SwarShree.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1579508918786.jpg",Swar Shree
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7011.SwarShree.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7018.ABPSanjha.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1608057219454.jpg",ABP Sanjha
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7018.ABPSanjha.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7015.ABPAnanda.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1608057252931.jpg",ABP Ananda
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7015.ABPAnanda.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7017.ABPGanga.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1608057289870.jpg",ABP Ganga
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7017.ABPGanga.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7019.ABPAsmita.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1608057325628.jpg",ABP Asmita
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7019.ABPAsmita.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8045.QIndiaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1601378980873.jpg",THE Q
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8045.QIndiaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7039.JigyasaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1583246986689.jpg",Jigyasa TV
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7039.JigyasaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Kids" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8030.TVIQ.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1587704854399.jpg",TV IQ
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8030.TVIQ.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7043.News1India.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1588701259991.jpg",News 1 India
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7043.News1India.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7042.OrangeBangla.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1588701216492.jpg",Orange Bangla
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7042.OrangeBangla.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7041.DDRetro.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1588701102113.jpg",DD Retro
https://m-c037-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7041.DDRetro.in_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8053.LifePunjabi.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1609307117310.jpg",7x Music
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8053.LifePunjabi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7048.NationalVoice.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1593666061152.jpg",National Voice
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7048.NationalVoice.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7049.DesiChannel.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1590737770507.jpg",Desi Channel
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7049.DesiChannel.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7053.NewsOnly.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1590737990207.jpg",News Only
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7053.NewsOnly.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7055.Gurbani.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1590738214212.jpg",Gurkibani
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7055.Gurbani.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7058.BalleBalle.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1590764832420.jpg",Balle Balle
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7058.BalleBalle.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7059.SailLeela.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1590845528353.jpg",Sai leela
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7059.SailLeela.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7060.BharatSamachar.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1591601853502.jpg",Bharat Samachar
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7060.BharatSamachar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7063.CalcuttaNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1592837900794.jpg",Calcutta News
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7063.CalcuttaNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7061.Kartavya.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1592929332248.jpg",Kartavya
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7061.Kartavya.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7062.CTVN.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1592837752703.jpg",CTVN
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7062.CTVN.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Oriya News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7065.NaxatraNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1593160984745.jpg",Naxatra News Channel
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7065.NaxatraNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7064.SevenWonders.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1593581224850.jpg",Seven Wonders
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7064.SevenWonders.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7070.RajMahalTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1594051312699.jpg",Raj Mahal TV
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7070.RajMahalTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7067.WorldPunjabi.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1594303274561.jpg",World Punjabi
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7067.WorldPunjabi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7068.RanglaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1594051276231.jpg",Rangla TV
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7068.RanglaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8060.HerePlay.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1623315767373.jpg",Planet Out
https://api-ott.jungoplus.com/loggingmediaurlpassthrough/a.m3u8?version=12&id=3159&partner=mxplayer
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Sports" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8063.ES24.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1623314760124.jpg",ES24
https://ov.ottera.tv/live/master2300000.m3u8;session=jun_es
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Sports" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8055.CombatGO.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1602154545160.jpg",Combat Go
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls_hd/8055.CombatGO.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7071.DivyalokTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1594192150504.jpg",Divyalok TV
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7071.DivyalokTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Marathi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7072.ShemarooMarathibana.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1594370246744.jpg",Shemaroo Marathibana
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7072.ShemarooMarathibana.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7074.MalaiMurasuTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1594370421566.jpg",Malai Murasu TV
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7074.MalaiMurasuTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7076.HNN.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1621508360754.jpg",HNN 24x7
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7076.HNN.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7073.FunTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1595760664890.jpg",Shemaroo TV
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7073.FunTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7075.Wintech.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1595830723422.jpg",Channel Win
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7075.Wintech.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Tamil GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7077.VendarTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1596109828563.jpg",Vendhar TV
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7077.VendarTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7078.JanTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1596355844398.jpg",Jan TV
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7078.JanTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7079.News36.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1596797584928.jpg",News 36
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7079.News36.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7080.SuryaCinema.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1596797633781.jpg",Surya Cinema
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7080.SuryaCinema.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bhojpuri Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7081.SuryaBhojpuri.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1596797684856.jpg",Surya Bhojpuri
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7081.SuryaBhojpuri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Haryanvi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7082.HaryanviHits.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1598595984676.jpg",Haryanvi Hits
https://m-c037-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7082.HaryanviHits.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Marathi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7083.ZoomOnNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1599546034201.jpg",Zoomon News
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7083.ZoomOnNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7087.PunjabiNational.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1599546239976.jpg",Punjabi National
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7087.PunjabiNational.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7085.PurePunjabi.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1599633878424.jpg",Pure Punjabi
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7085.PurePunjabi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7088.AryaSandesh.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1599546303176.jpg",Arya Sandesh
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7088.AryaSandesh.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7094.NimbarkTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1600090313942.jpg",Nimbark TV
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7094.NimbarkTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7090.SamacharNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1600172897585.jpg",Samachar Today
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7090.SamacharNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Malayalam News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7082.RealNewskerela.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1600428716946.png",Real News Kerala
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7082.RealNewskerela.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7089.Network10News.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1600172827751.jpg",Network 10 New
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7089.Network10News.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7091.Sudarsahn.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1600172687942.jpg",Sudarshan News
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7091.Sudarsahn.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7095.GBN24.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1625935146442.jpeg",GBN24 News Channel
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7095.GBN24.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7096.BhoomiNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1600958070658.jpg",Bhoomi News
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7096.BhoomiNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/7097.PrimeNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1601186308774.jpg",Prime News
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7097.PrimeNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Marathi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8002.LokshahiNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1602174409682.jpg",Lokshahi News
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8002.LokshahiNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8004.DivyangNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1602174607335.jpg",Divyang News
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8004.DivyangNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8003.Today24.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1602174557800.jpg",Today24
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8003.Today24.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8001.GlobeTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1602174499754.jpg",Globe TV
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8001.GlobeTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8005.SristiTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1602316479819.jpg",Sristi TV
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8005.SristiTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Gujarati News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8008.BuletinNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1633413269372.jpg",Buletin India
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8008.BuletinNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8007.SristiPlus.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1602316446823.jpg",Sristi Plus
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8007.SristiPlus.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8015.ABNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603097667243.jpg",AB News
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8015.ABNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8014.ABStarNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603097598404.jpg",AB Star News
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8014.ABStarNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8013.SanatanTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603097486172.jpg",Sanatan TV
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8013.SanatanTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8018.ExpressTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603098016693.jpg",Express TV
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8018.ExpressTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8012.Nepal1News.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603097383555.jpg",Nepal 1 News
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8012.Nepal1News.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8011.APNNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603094458437.jpg",APN News
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8011.APNNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8021.RajyogaTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603378262403.jpg",Rajyoga TV
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8021.RajyogaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8019.PeaceMusic.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603378379395.jpg",Peace Music
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8019.PeaceMusic.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8022.VipNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603694574030.jpg",VIP News
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8022.VipNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Urdu News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8023.AANNNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603694522565.jpg",ANN NEWS
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8023.AANNNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8025.ChannelVision.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1603869214734.jpg",Channel Vision
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8025.ChannelVision.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8026.LokmanchNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1604136709994.jpg",Lokmanch News
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8026.LokmanchNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali Kids" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8027.RongeenTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1605964151002.jpg",Rongeen TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8027.RongeenTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8028.JantantraTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1606022409738.jpg",Jantantra TV
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8028.JantantraTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8030.AtmadarshanTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1606634271129.jpg",Atmadarshan TV
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8030.AtmadarshanTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8029.ExpressNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1606634182003.jpg",Express News
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8029.ExpressNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8031.VedantTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1607600134818.jpg",Vedant TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8031.VedantTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8064.InsightTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1608631431434.jpg",Insight TV
https://cdn-ue1-prod.tsv2.amagi.tv/linear/amg00861-terninternation-insighttvrow-mxplayer/playlist.m3u8?app_bundle=com.innovation.mxplayer_8064.InsightTV.in&app_name=MXPlayer&app_store_url=https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mxtech.videoplayer.ad&genre=GD&coppa=Kids&iab=IAB1-7
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Telugu News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8034.V6News.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1607960004481.jpg",V6 News
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8034.V6News.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8033.HaryanaTashanEnt.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1615992378172.jpg",Tashan Entertainment
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8033.HaryanaTashanEnt.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8032.HaryanaTashanMusic.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1615992348395.jpg",Tashan Music
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8032.HaryanaTashanMusic.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8036.PTNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1609170530786.jpg",PT News
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8036.PTNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8037.DPKNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1609395209028.jpg",DPK News
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8037.DPKNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8040.PrimeTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1611556390402.jpg",Prime TV
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8040.PrimeTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Haryanvi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8041.HaryanaBeats.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1611553733627.jpg",Haryana Beats
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8041.HaryanaBeats.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Kannada Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8039.SSTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1611551728510.jpg",SSTV
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8039.SSTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8042.UpdateIndia.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1612792182325.jpg",Update India
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8042.UpdateIndia.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8043.Divya.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1615290925975.jpg",Divya
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8043.Divya.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8052.SharnamTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1623648242435.jpg",Sharnam TV
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8052.SharnamTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8069.FashionTVMumbai.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1624442568062.jpg",Fashion TV - Mumbai
https://m-c037-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8069.FashionTVMumbai.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8054.GreenChillies.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1624949648654.jpg",Green Chillies
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8054.GreenChillies.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi News" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8056.News24MPCG.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1624950278606.jpg",News24 MP CG
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8056.News24MPCG.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Oriya GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8061.DDOriya.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1626174154669.jpg",DD Oriya
https://m-c25-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8061.DDOriya.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Urdu GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8058.DDUrdu.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1626174185015.jpg",DD Urdu
https://m-c037-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8058.DDUrdu.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8059.DArunprabha.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1626174225500.jpg",DD Arun Prabha
https://m-c037-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8059.DArunprabha.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8059.NDTVGoodTimes.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1626765931847.jpg",GOODTiMES
https://m-c049-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8059.NDTVGoodTimes.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Rajasthani GEC" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8062.DDRajasthan.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1626448254190.jpg",DD Rajasthan
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8062.DDRajasthan.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Punjabi Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8064.ITV24.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1626945096400.jpg",ITV24
https://itv24.livebox.co.in/Itv24hls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Religious" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8065.DevamTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1628488171410.jpg",Devam TV
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8065.DevamTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Bengali Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8066.RoseTV.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1629705382764.jpg",Rose TV
https://m-c048-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8066.RoseTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8082.RealLife.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1631700033815.jpg",Real Life
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8082.RealLife.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8083.Timeline.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1631700168022.jpg",Timeline
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8083.Timeline.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8081.RealStories.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1631699925116.jpg",Real Stories
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8081.RealStories.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8084.Wonder.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1631700257308.jpg",Wonder
https://m-c050-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8084.Wonder.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8068.ABZYCool.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1633931850661.jpg",ABZY Cool
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8068.ABZYCool.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8069.ABZYMovies.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1633931926974.jpg",ABZY Movies
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8069.ABZYMovies.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/pic/8070.ABZYDhakad.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1633932000644.jpg",ABZY Dhakad
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8070.ABZYDhakad.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-sCt4UiRRlsQ/YJ-rE46biqI/AAAAAAAAAx4/DkD-xQidNr8K9r8HzORrH1v3qsJOAG1ZgCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h120/PicsArt_05-15-01.39.14.png",TG JUNIOR (US)
https://stream-us-east-1.getpublica.com/playlist.m3u8?network_id=61&live=1&app_bundle=com.plexapp.desktop&did=df8e1a36-847d-5096-86a7-3803ed330ede&app_domain=app.plex.tv&app_name=plex&h=691&w=1224&content_title=MorUy57ijWhGe4ixZb_T&content_series=5f170d64b898490041b4938f&custom4=plex&gdpr=1&device_make=Windows&device_model=Firefox&coppa=0&us_privacy=1---
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-goQFWbkis40/YKOxU3EhfeI/AAAAAAAAA4s/yXSRUucG9-IeNFlkBf0j3XcO8YPa2rMGgCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h100/share-1000x500.png",TRT WORLD  (US)
https://tv-trtworld.live.trt.com.tr/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-2Ha0lEutmwU/YKRaoCnxdEI/AAAAAAAAA40/ufBn0eSlxMYEd5-zXVvS08cDkUGm1jrfgCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h100/images%2B%25281%2529%252810%2529.jpeg",SCREAMGEST (UK)
https://vcnleomarkstudios.teleosmedia.com/stream/leomarkstudios/screamfest/seglist_360p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-UDGRN8zIZPA/YNx847iU8uI/AAAAAAAAAHQ/9iahWYpQtXE3su4Nxa_FxRJJcecqa7PxACLcBGAsYHQ/s214/PicsArt_06-30-07.46.07.png",REPUBLIC BHARAT (IN)
https://ottrb6.republicworld.com/live/bharat_hls/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-IAStdDQeMlM/YOwWnTAWiwI/AAAAAAAAAXs/tdBkaDx-PNIItP-63cyog5YabqBjjOBfACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/AT-New-Logo-800x600.png",AAJ TAK (IN)
http://lmil.live-s.cdn.bitgravity.com/cdn-live/_definst_/lmil/live/aajtak_app.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-HUwzmUzvzfM/YOq-0Yctk-I/AAAAAAAAAOI/oIRgNHi1GwsiSKJ3J-oZcHwLmdncbSPvgCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_07-11-03.07.34.png",DISCOVER PAKISTAN (PK)
https://livecdn.live247stream.com/discoverpakistan/web/discoverpakistan/stream2/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-sXRuUeF2jow/YMc-GWwMNZI/AAAAAAAABJs/GS4OQEe63YUbLFTIOA-DiPQQvfw7YVH5gCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%252831%2529.jpeg",CGTN DOCUMENTARY (CN)
https://livedoc.cgtn.com/500d/prog_index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-WoIIx2SLKvk/YP07hXPg26I/AAAAAAAAAjs/PU2XaPsJ3nA28OWY844YiaBB22_eHcV1gCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/katkotati_logo_chaine_freesport%2Bhd.gif",FREE SPORTS (UK)
https://csm-e-stv.tls1.yospace.com/csm/live/203444271.m3u8?Token=
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-DRT6gssuigg/YP08SRJbivI/AAAAAAAAAkA/3COYwiiDyIcM1AR_UOGxJksHKwaQiDpcgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529.jpeg",HBO (ASIA)
https://liveorigin01.hbogoasia.com:8443/origin/live/main/MSIA/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEizRFLe5dNqcGOiMSlNeQ9EezTgXIeenxKOunf8bUbGzR0GXAQCLOj_iIKh-zlt1Oh4ytVY1yN2kszAVLhxharcPD-zfRKeQ8NxFkF65Iq7HEkZv9bCZ_otESA0elKPq281jtJdDyN-mPPm6pt0fVSJIbiJzM-v9zhJXeH_05bTBBYTYUjh_rK8gVtf=s200",SKY NEWS (UK)
http://skydvn-sn-mobile-prod.skydvn.com/skynews/1404/latest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Vr6mv7JQniI/YOrAWI2gn7I/AAAAAAAAAO0/A9F5FEMCDp40K2M3pB0411d9bmj4RyC6gCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%2B%25285%2529%25283%2529.jpeg",PTV HOME (PK)
https://live.ptv.com.pk/live/stream/ptvhome/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-33FAURDaUwM/YStsii8AXKI/AAAAAAAAA8Y/Y5g2h07GxfAUw64DOEvUdnLn6Svh3txfACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529%25288%2529.png",WMFD TV (US)
http://api.new.livestream.com/accounts/1194911/events/3466400/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-sSMh9HQ-Jzs/YStuZ0eZFwI/AAAAAAAAA8o/Xry3tD5HOkMTizRp7T4K1fJyh0eV6QpXwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/FilmDetectiveLogo-768x432.png",THE FILM DETECTIVE (UK)
https://bloodydisgusting-localnow.cinedigm.com/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-VMYywv7Yeh4/YStu6EKx9SI/AAAAAAAAA8w/Vcp3yvDZeV8cAu9-yakHPjZZyhMiIV7lQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_08-29-04.55.44.jpg",UZREPORT WORLD (UZ)
http://vspnmy3kvpzu7q.data.mediastore.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/liveHD.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-6c1_alIyrU0/YKZVfrG13WI/AAAAAAAAA_Y/e8rqxFuBGsc-Qr_KfZ6ypzn0PsXaoXM_gCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h169/images%252816%2529.png",NASA TV (UK)
https://uplynkcontent.sinclairstoryline.com/channel/ddd76fdc1c0a456ba537e4f48e827d3e.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-p-96BAich6k/YStvYgLhigI/AAAAAAAAA9A/qiRfS_lVYD0DCAP8BPz3cR9D0I_YKSPbwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/GEO_News_logo_in_Urdu.png",GEO NEWS (PK)
https://jk3lz82elw79-hls-live.5centscdn.com/Geo/eae835e83c0494a376229f254f7d3392.sdp/Geo/Stream1/playlist_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-JM0EYqoS4AU/YStvneTDf3I/AAAAAAAAA9E/VoIMcyJxsHQD4N6qltbs6Dl7deIqKrTAACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/logo_20200709_232814.png",NATURESCAPE (US)
https://stirr.ott-channels.stingray.com/naturescape/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-gcDmqCVXvco/YStv6Yp72AI/AAAAAAAAA9Q/Y-V-20VYeSE3MMi8C2T4FZJgNEOFO_sVgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25285%2529%25287%2529.jpeg",GLOBAL NEWS (US)
https://live.corusdigitaldev.com/groupb/live/3062d0e3-ed4c-4f47-8482-95648250f4b8/live.isml/.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-sXRuUeF2jow/YMc-GWwMNZI/AAAAAAAABJs/GS4OQEe63YUbLFTIOA-DiPQQvfw7YVH5gCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%252831%2529.jpeg",CGTN DOCUMENTARY (CN)
https://news.cgtn.com/resource/live/document/cgtn-doc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-kW5DSXXqAaE/YTc32CF3dJI/AAAAAAAAA_A/7sbkvgfRyx8HRsfeItFospHnIgdwYGL6wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/download%2B%25281%2529.png",COOKING PANDA (US)
https://stream-us-east-1.getpublica.com/playlist.m3u8?network_id=46
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-w_OWt8cco9s/YTc4nGitdVI/AAAAAAAAA_I/RyFR8VnoHEAGQZmyiVjMCYT7CMZ9gjPlACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25287%2529.png",PBS.39 (UK)
http://forerunnerrtmp.livestreamingcdn.com/output18/output18.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TIME LIFE (US)
http://2-fss-2.streamhoster.com/pl_138/amlst:201950-1309230/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-gUgkoESLvvI/YTc5TGskS3I/AAAAAAAAA_Q/7zR6ZbpfIV8a_BzURB4s4_sUjV6TAqvJACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252814%2529.jpeg",DIL SE (IN)
https://live.hungama.com/linear/dil-se/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-VKYwHenOVeo/YTc7M4s0JQI/AAAAAAAAA_Y/Kusw9VgZcHQsFVD3ocLqAye523UP-Y9aACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252822%2529.jpeg",STINGRAY KARAOKE (US)
https://stirr.ott-channels.stingray.com/karaoke/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CARTOON (UK)
https://2-fss-2.streamhoster.com/pl_138/201660-1270634-1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(UK)
https://cdn.igocast.com/channel12_hls/channel12_master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",ABC 15 (US)
https://content.uplynk.com/channel/9deaf22aaa33461f9cac22e030ed00ec.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(US)
https://stitcheraws.unreel.me/wse-node02.powr.com/live/5d4b21643f4d602ba521b06c/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",AMAR UJALA (IN)
https://streamcdn.amarujala.com/live/smil:stream1.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",MOVIES GROUP 1 (US)
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/128600025/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-goQFWbkis40/YKOxU3EhfeI/AAAAAAAAA4s/yXSRUucG9-IeNFlkBf0j3XcO8YPa2rMGgCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h100/share-1000x500.png",TRT WORLD  (US)
https://api.trtworld.com/livestream/v1/WcM3Oa2LHD9iUjWDSRUI335NkMWVTUV351H56dqC/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FASHION BOX (US)
https://fashionbox-localnow.cinedigm.com/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FRANCE24 (US)
https://static.france24.com/live/F24_EN_LO_HLS/live_web.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",GB NEWS (UK)
https://live-gbnews.simplestreamcdn.com/gbnews/gbnews/bitrate1.isml/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CBSN (US)
https://cbsn-ny-cedexis.cbsnstream.cbsnews.com/out/v1/ec3897d58a9b45129a77d67aa247d136/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",HISTORY (US)
https://bk7l2w4nlx53-hls-live.5centscdn.com/HISTORY/961ac1c875f5884f31bdd177365ef1e3.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CNN (US)
https://turnerlive.warnermediacdn.com/hls/live/586495/cnngo/cnn_slate/VIDEO_0_3564000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",HLN (US)
https://turnerlive.warnermediacdn.com/hls/live/586496/cnngo/hln/VIDEO_0_3564000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",PCE MUSIC (US)
https://broadcast.mytvtogo.net/pcenmusic/pcenmusic/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CARTOON4U TV NETWORK (US)
https://broadcast.mytvtogo.net/cartoon4utvnetwork/cartoon4utvnetwork/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",HBO FAMILY (ASIA)
https://liveorigin01.hbogoasia.com:8443/origin/live/FAMILY/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-_QJRhwfLATU/YTc7mLepb-I/AAAAAAAAA_g/QbUvKfhMxAEri2Rtgj_kxNBjBlcPDemLACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/KABC-TV_Logo.png",ABC 7 (US)
http://prod2-dai2-playlistserver.aws.syncbak.com/playlist/17716049/master.m3u8?access_token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IkdyYXkyMDE2MDgyOSJ9.eyJtaWQiOiIxNzcxNjA0OSIsIm1kNSI6IjVlYTdlY2VhNmEyNGZhZTI3MzI0Y2NmYjU3MmIxMGIzIiwiaWF0IjoxNTY5MzQxMjc2LCJpc3MiOiJTeW5jYmFrIChURykifQ.Wa-2nheneuWFxJ0kzCgGP7WDNzGGN7EOMIVWQWULeNM
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-H2lZlS0OBzQ/YTc8C3w9V1I/AAAAAAAAA_o/4h1yqX-hEYAbNVhSODbm9Mk4ZT0TXfCMQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/Cbs7_KOSA_logo.png",CBS 7 (US)
http://dai2-playlistserver.aws.syncbak.com/playlist/13736492/master.m3u8?access_token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IkdyYXkyMDE2MDgyOSJ9.eyJtaWQiOjEzNzM2NDkyLCJtZDUiOiI0MmE1YjYzOTE1NmY3MDc1ODhiMjI5MzU4Y2QxYzMxNSIsImlhdCI6MTUwNDcyNzU3MCwiaXNzIjoiU3luY2JhayIsInN1YiI6IkdyYXkifQ.UfPIgsOM95dpS9ylf6OThcwAqqq5UDgYlq8J31DVq2Y
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1fXgFaFSAoE/YTc83dEJe2I/AAAAAAAAA_w/nX3DZNbj7vYcuz-8aHNIV0ajz7k-WpxGwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252823%2529.jpeg",ABC 9 (US)
http://dai2-playlistserver.aws.syncbak.com/playlist/13457161/master.m3u8?access_token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6IkdyYXkyMDE2MDgyOSIsInN1YiI6IioiLCJ0eXAiOiJKV1QifQ.eyJleHAiOjE4MDIxMDQ5MzUsImlzcyI6IldMUyIsIm1kNSI6ImUyYmMxZmJiZTBhODk3MTFiYWY0ZTFhZmNkNGJjYzI1IiwibWlkIjoiMTM0NTcxNjEifQ.THRv2lITl_tb4SeyFerusnIZisV7IFLNIlyO28aY6AM
 
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-BX8qkjZ48Mk/YOq_j5puKNI/AAAAAAAAAOU/SjisxmP6tvcRERUTtXUfLvSh00yFCDxfQCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%2B%25282%2529%25282%2529.jpeg",SUBRANG (US)
https://cdn61.liveonlineservices.com/hls/subrang.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-lsD0xS9O3dQ/YTc9NDQCC3I/AAAAAAAAA_4/XGuQX46IFCg9VlA7zXXJPC6c923B-3bMACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25288%2529.jpeg",V2BEAT (UK)
https://abr.de1se01.v2beat.live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-FCx0QGisL_c/YTc-3SlTTRI/AAAAAAAABAA/04iIae7KxNAMSPqpXUZDShjZ_7MmaWjLwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_09-07-03.58.21.png",WFC.TV (UK)
https://wfcint.mediacdn.ru/cdn/wfcintweb/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-xzH9Okq-QZw/YTc_OD5pdBI/AAAAAAAABAI/gcw5FHYuNsI6P1VyMGMN8UJ1-fJNEUCpQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images.png",NHK WORLD (JP)
https://nhkworld.webcdn.stream.ne.jp/www11/nhkworld-tv/global/2003458/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-5umEpFRr9kY/YTdA7hKKtOI/AAAAAAAABAY/blj93Erz7pIPvBxVYQcVImiaCEP91GpqQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25282%2529.png",WPT (US)
https://0f2030e8d8b24ee5bf5144417e07d65a.mediatailor.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/v1/master/9d062541f2ff39b5c0f48b743c6411d25f62fc25/WPT-Stirr/119.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-hKj1McPOfjI/YTdDa4JipeI/AAAAAAAABAo/aoDirv3mL201C0b2QOr2oswzuClEqrk1wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25287%2529%25285%2529.jpeg",SWAMIJI (IN)
https://stream.swamiji.tv/YogaIPTV/smil:YogaStream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-L6JBEL4I4jE/YL8j5M9SAqI/AAAAAAAABEU/c6soWjIk-lwQXdN_cYaV4h85H2jmHoh6wCLcBGAsYHQ/w320-h109/images%252838%2529.jpeg",CNA (ASIA)
https://i.mjh.nz/au/Sydney/tv.cna.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",BLOOMERANG (ASIA)
https://i.mjh.nz/au/Sydney/tv.bloomberg.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",ALJAZEERA (ASIA)
https://i.mjh.nz/au/Sydney/tv.46.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",SKY 2 (ASIA)
https://i.mjh.nz/au/Sydney/tv.sky2rw.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",AUSBIZ TV (ASIA)
https://i.mjh.nz/au/Sydney/tv.7ausbiz.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",PARLIAMENT TV (ASIA)
https://i.mjh.nz/nz/tv.18.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",REDBULL  TV (ASIA)
https://i.mjh.nz/au/Canberra/tv.redbull.tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zXWgbVk.png",AMAZING DISCOVERIES TV (CA)
https://uni01rtmp.tulix.tv/amazingdtv/amazingdtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-lPfDOSzB3I0/YTdEIDk6MVI/AAAAAAAABA0/dWtnZvgmaC8vnnHiqihY4AZg_zwiWa7QwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25289%2529%25284%2529.jpeg",BETTER HEALTH (US)
http://uni5rtmp.tulix.tv:1935/betterhealth/betterhealth/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fxawguqORj8/YJ91HV0t7XI/AAAAAAAAAxQ/hdB9zscYt9I_HorBM1z6gSt4aqTrPhMhgCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_03-16-05.13.30.jpg",AAJ TAK HD (IN)
https://feeds.intoday.in/aajtak/api/aajtakhd/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-eRj7-UQC4BM/YOrLLV-2u6I/AAAAAAAAASg/J-P0oCdRjdIO8XKgw5Pfkt58TJpqku7-ACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529%25283%2529.png",INDIA TODAY (IN)
https://feeds.intoday.in/hltapps/api/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TVS FAMILY (US)
https://rpn1.bozztv.com/36bay2/gusa-TVSFamilyChannel/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TVS SWSN (US)
https://rpn1.bozztv.com/36bay2/gusa-tvswsn/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TVS SPORTS BUREAU (US)
https://rpn1.bozztv.com/36bay2/gusa-tvssportsbureau/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TVS STURBO (US)
https://rpn1.bozztv.com/36bay2/gusa-tvsturbo/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TVS BOXING (US)
https://rpn1.bozztv.com/36bay2/gusa-tvsboxing/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TVS SPORTS (US)
https://rpn1.bozztv.com/36bay2/gusa-tvssports/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TVS DRIVE IN MOVIE (US)
https://rpn1.bozztv.com/36bay2/gusa-tvsdriveinmovie/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-XunvmNTlCwA/YKN1mOsdIDI/AAAAAAAAA4c/6NZYmHGCuEou9BHsGmBsag_aC9GcmgLEgCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h138/PicsArt_03-16-05.13.39.png",DUBAI ONE  (ME)
https://dminnvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaione/smil:dubaione.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-urd3swDqS6g/YP0_iQfWZSI/AAAAAAAAAlE/NDOMRTlfqx48QrwOcBl55Ea11Zc9aSbtwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25286%2529%25282%2529.jpeg",DUBAI RACING (ME)
https://dmisvthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/events/smil:events.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(ME)
http://rtv.cdn.mangomolo.com/rtv/smil:rtv.stream.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-l9nmMlQ6GbM/YOrF_dQyWGI/AAAAAAAAAQo/umsnAEYxSBswuvJjBm6RugZHBJsgnY2dgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252818%2529.jpeg",92 NEWS (UK)
https://securecontributions.sechls01.visionip.tv/live/securecontributions-securecontributions-92_news-hsslive-25f-16x9-SDq/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-gmR-ofktQXA/YOvx8iCuAmI/AAAAAAAAAV8/HvALZD5O8FAdMuxwhcF7ERg4ELCvWkiZACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%25288%2529.png",SPOT LIGHT (UK)
https://securecontributions.sechls01.visionip.tv/live/securecontributions-securecontributions-spotlighttv-hsslive-25f-SD/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-FCjvYfbJu8c/YP1EBjzxGeI/AAAAAAAAAlw/lTdaJw-K5i06bsXOeG0gEEeR6J03BbnNwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25285%2529%25284%2529.jpeg",GOOD NEWS TV (UK)
https://securecontributions.sechls01.visionip.tv/live/securecontributions-securecontributions-goodnewstv-SD/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-KpqZPLSkFZA/YTdLiGIscCI/AAAAAAAABCY/iONjE9zAwzkGlHpgUArzwmYSB7f7zEL3gCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25289%2529%25285%2529.jpeg",BRITISH MUSLIM TV (UK)
https://api.visionip.tv/live/ASHTTP/visiontvuk-international-britishmuslimtv-hsslive-25f-16x9-MB/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(ME)
http://sports.ashttp9.visionip.tv/live/visiontvuk-sports-sportstonightlive-hsslive-25f-4x3-SD/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASSAMESE" tvg-logo="https://www.magicalassam.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/assam-talks-channel.jpg",ASSAM TALKS (IN)
http://vidnetcdn.vidgyor.com/assamtalks-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-DqMHYvLWcDU/YOrHVkxBjmI/AAAAAAAAARQ/eOh7fcrIHeA7j0MvLE9MPjQ6J2r42JmCQCLcBGAsYHQ/s204/images%2B%25283%2529%25284%2529.jpeg",TV 9 BHARAT (IN)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/tv9bharatvarsh-origin/live/tv9bharatvarsh-origin/live1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-DqMHYvLWcDU/YOrHVkxBjmI/AAAAAAAAARQ/eOh7fcrIHeA7j0MvLE9MPjQ6J2r42JmCQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25283%2529%25284%2529.jpeg",NEWS 24 (IN)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/news24-origin/liveabr/news24-origin/live1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pkQplCUS62Q/YOrH0IPae9I/AAAAAAAAARc/oepM-Y4PkRoIhijOhDXeDUBqROEdZQ_TgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25284%2529%25284%2529.jpeg",KHABRAIN ABHI TAK (IN)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/kat-origin/liveabr/kat-origin/live2/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-7OHyCl_NaLY/YKD5lKgwfEI/AAAAAAAAAz0/Qr3G3hDh-7Ub8xTjPoguIVFuGmh9CKnGQCLcBGAsYHQ/w142-h200/PicsArt_05-16-11.56.12.jpg",MADNI TV (UK)
https://madnitv.vdn.dstreamone.net/madnitvenglish/madnienglishabr/madnitvenglish/madnienglish_360p/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-WAL9wDyZA60/YKN1VkCQUYI/AAAAAAAAA4Q/Cz8dMt_gkfcmQsGFY0PHkY4qSGHRs33AgCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h200/eftWK9G.gif",ALJAZEERA (US)
https://live-hls-web-aje.getaj.net/AJE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-YPk5UBdWzNs/YOrItRzWEnI/AAAAAAAAARw/sVjlV9asyGAdzMlGc5DqGfZiIVSGD4QKACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%25287%2529.jpeg",ZINDAGI TV (UK)
https://5ad386ff92705.streamlock.net/live_transcoder/ngrp:zindagitv.stream_all/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-vSAExx8PwY0/YNHLA9IBGgI/AAAAAAAAAAU/VIjHTa-dX0EWHo6QspfSgKnqLlcnJ1i7wCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h120/images.png",HBO (ASIA)
https://gratismkctv.net/film/hbo.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Xu-dsQkAkcE/YOwa6CSh-dI/AAAAAAAAAYc/2kY-YqZuld8lD8f3KEJGHfueu_vHNosgQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/Gubbare-cl.webp",GUBBARE (IN)
https://epiconvh.s.llnwi.net/gubbare/master.m3u8
 
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",ARIRANG (ASIA)
http://amdlive.ctnd.com.edgesuite.net/arirang_1ch/smil:arirang_1ch.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="PLUTO-TV" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEiPmvMBx0DUhcqwhzOEDQRHllKXSk0j3_zCA78OPmNlVD9KkknZU0MS9Wovi0sx1OOgj2uNZlQW_dJa_fpWkPljeFSY_3aMTvij_o2vAMSysJn1ZsKSpgozcRL-_dDPAov170VTaqU7txYiVqLKYFmyceIUWwYk4vnN1JpfSjK0AXiqOsGh1r2n-Itp=s200",MTV (US)
https://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS02/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="PLUTO-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-CoDzZ0pyd1c/YTdVT5POa0I/AAAAAAAABC8/9gkyZmKnxdcQ6OJDVABAmzyj7wBrgedywCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%252811%2529.png",CNN (UK)
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/5421f71da6af422839419cb3/master.m3u8?terminate=false&deviceType=web&deviceMake=web&deviceModel=web&sid=209&deviceId=5421f71da6af422839419cb3&deviceVersion=DNT&appVersion=DNT&deviceDNT=0&userId=&advertisingId=&deviceLat=&deviceLon=&app_name=&appName=web&buildVersion=&appStoreUrl=&architecture=&includeExtendedEvents=false&marketingRegion=US&serverSideAds=false
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-bdguSM3gryU/YMc93QEJ7mI/AAAAAAAABJo/azOp0pqWrvk1w5SH2PLh7o5kHUSplSWZQCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%252810%2529.png",MBC BOLLYWOOD HD (ME)
https://shls-mbcbollywood-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a79c9d7ef2a64a54a64d5c4567b3462a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-0H-Sn3nauwo/YOrJ6oCeIYI/AAAAAAAAASE/X8t-p9TzMBE-hM0EPlK_0Yqwj6p0mnlbQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/unnamed.png",INH 24 (IN)
https://7epd6o8edk9b-hls-live.wmncdn.net/inh24/live.stream/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-x001d9feKfo/YOrKcyR71KI/AAAAAAAAASQ/fIKL9JoARi8ja8nbs_p6FEZGvpWc0XnPgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25286%2529%25282%2529.jpeg",BANSAL NEWS (IN)
https://8yzmq2gbdvax-hls-live.wmncdn.net/bansalnewstv1/live1.stream/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-u6T0I5BXbew/YTdV9zv4YkI/AAAAAAAABDE/yBh4Qi_8khoDzZ0FKIgRBVezJSHIkKGsgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/harvest-usa.png",HARVEST (US)
http://live.wmncdn.net/harvestusa/d57ffba6564caea2fee3f4085f19a098.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",SHUBHSANDESH TV (IN)
http://6284rn2xr7xv-hls-live.wmncdn.net/shubhsandeshtv1/live123.stream/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",IND 24 (IN)
https://gmkd5nkednxo-hls-live.wmncdn.net/ind24tv/live.stream/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",JANTA TV (IN)
http://live.wmncdn.net/jantatv/live.stream/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",DISHA TV (IN)
http://xlbor3aadvaj-hls-live.wmncdn.net/disha/stream.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-QlC51EIhnP0/YOrKytEbPOI/AAAAAAAAASY/JiMdqsfrZYQfjSS2e3lhoTVHEDUMF2UhACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25283%2529%25285%2529.jpeg",KASHISH NEWS (IN)
https://kashishnews.livebox.co.in/kashishnewshls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SOVHHSVfRbQ/YJ93R_9DDMI/AAAAAAAAAxY/nFBpcle5bhomWu8rIO0CbAvZXDabjAF4ACLcBGAsYHQ/s250/logo.png",I LOVE (IN)
https://ilove.livebox.co.in/wowinhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-l1NLAP1J-R4/YOrLsvISk8I/AAAAAAAAASs/KH49MepMGQYEmK1m8AHIUaDiPUjO61KdwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25288%2529.jpeg",JAN TV (IN)
http://jantvstream.in:1935/edge1/sc1jantv.stream_aac/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-_d9DrFP3exI/YP1E4CscM0I/AAAAAAAAAmU/r9ijLYnQTWohi38974Jd-rGmV1d1I3F-wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_07-16-05.16.27.jpg",RASI HINDI HD (IN)
http://singamcloud.in:1935/rasinetwork/rasihindi/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-wWfndVPN3Aw/YTiM8Pa_ScI/AAAAAAAABD0/gerjpDor2PAbSKcc31WVeLQcmTCCQ9YHQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/logo_100.png",100AUTOMOTO TV (UK)
http://100automoto.tv:1935/bgtv1/autotv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-XYX7KavIujA/YTdWZ-pA-yI/AAAAAAAABDM/-l8zXbEkuNYapqgzZHNiLCllQSYI3Be-ACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529.jpeg",NEWS NET (US)
http://broadcastny.yournewsnet.com:8081/master/newsnetweb/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",ANJAN TV (IN)
https://f3.vstream.online:7443/bstb/ngrp:anjan_hdall/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-RIwQ9uRx8Qo/YNHLP_gD_jI/AAAAAAAAAAc/K9K7-LwbOl8C6wQ-Z1uI5rEFSf1viYkIQCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h98/download.png",AXN (TW)
http://ip2121.com:8081/live/AXN_Y/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-yn4TPWFU2G4/YJ5V8wG7vII/AAAAAAAAAtI/1nkEh70mVqANdWYxSg-vnodmjV7olKzyQCLcBGAsYHQ/s0/IMG_20210308_172636.jpg",ZEE AFLAM (ME)
https://weyyak-live.akamaized.net/weyyak_zee_aflam/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-yRP_zSm87ic/YJ-q-xDSL0I/AAAAAAAAAx0/51TeAry5Ypwz9ASdLQyPYkYqxJwiEckjgCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h92/PicsArt_05-15-01.36.40.png",3 ABN KIDS (US)
https://moiptvhls-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/652318/secure/HQs/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-6c1_alIyrU0/YKZVfrG13WI/AAAAAAAAA_Y/e8rqxFuBGsc-Qr_KfZ6ypzn0PsXaoXM_gCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h169/images%252816%2529.png",NASA TV (UK)
https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-eGt9Ig_ekkk/YNsD3F0kTuI/AAAAAAAAAFA/hKKtbccSCYA33MhUdZkGecOjaDWa2eS9QCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%2B%25281%2529.jpeg",MIRROR NOW (IN)
https://mbnowweb-lh.akamaihd.net/i/MRN_1@346545/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-9jnqRz10Iwg/YNx64CF2MsI/AAAAAAAAAHA/hHg0olE-DVYWR7nKCDeEE3zPKIt5btP3QCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_06-30-07.33.39.png",MTV (UK)
http://unilivemtveu-lh.akamaihd.net/i/mtvno_1@346424/index_3500_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-3Uciudd_7c4/YOrMDu0b_FI/AAAAAAAAAS0/iCm5y2aHGaU7rvEsvK333J9fTQ2FvxkXQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252811%2529.jpeg",NEWS 18 INDIA (IN)
https://news18india-lh.akamaihd.net/i/news18india_1@174951/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-7V_aMzQ4LZY/YOxKPu1uAuI/AAAAAAAAAbE/5n85ElNXJuUzWpV2F6WhPeYtZUSo6auQACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252810%2529.jpeg",ABP NEWS (IN)
https://abp-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/765529-b/abphindi/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SBYqpwbuR2k/YOrMeZg8RiI/AAAAAAAAATA/e-bShHJC24I5-uRH60Oj8r9AhsqswtNlACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252812%2529.jpeg",INDIA TV (IN)
https://live-indiatvnews.akamaized.net/indiatv-origin/liveabr/indiatv-origin/live2/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-CrTYIGmPbYs/YOrMrSJTr7I/AAAAAAAAATE/E722E8LYSPYfSpbVKJGaU3MsNSQpLleSwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252813%2529.jpeg",NDTV INDIA (IN)
https://ndtvindiaelemarchana.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003679/ndtvindia/ndtvindiamaster.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rRdW2a8PDyA/YOrNcsE2VKI/AAAAAAAAATY/s8Vqdxc7adYo-7tUzX-hk-NJcOh_W5RGACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/ndtv-24x7-in.png",NDTV 24X7 (IN)
https://ndtv24x7elemarchana.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003678/ndtv24x7/ndtv24x7master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-uPyQByKoaT0/YOrNyh9VmwI/AAAAAAAAATg/Vz0au46rLrkYUMpEqfyGo_ZentxkWnUwACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25282%2529%25282%2529.png",NDTV PROFIT (IN)
https://ndtvprofitelemarchana.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003680-b/ndtvprofit/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-l08NRNf5BXA/YOrN98m9A3I/AAAAAAAAATk/vu2YP-FpUF8ob8LzB96tdRaW0ZeztmAgwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252814%2529.jpeg",TEZ (IN)
https://tezlive-amd.akamaized.net/hls/live/2016145-b/tez/tezlive/tez_3/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-M4ewj3xxvU4/YN3PczVfWHI/AAAAAAAAAJ0/Z3zTSNMuDHErkLm6zrNdVC2pRuMcdD6_wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529%25281%2529.png",BLOOMBERG (UK)
https://liveprodeuwest.akamaized.net/eu1/Channel-EUTVqvs-AWS-ireland-1/Source-EUTVqvs-1000-1_live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-MjnMQEBKhWY/YOrOpU4x9mI/AAAAAAAAATw/xCZz04MqZNcrL9xH-Bl9f7J8uDiLN1hNgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%25285%2529.png",SKY NEWS (UK)
https://skynews2-plutolive-vo.akamaized.net/cdhlsskynewsamericas/1013/latest.m3u8?serverSideAds=true
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-9IlQ3Iuk4-k/YOrPT7p2scI/AAAAAAAAAT4/QbIil3uTcJIbW2iq-7N2VRBhTwj-uKz3wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529%25286%2529.png",NEWS MAX (US)
https://nmxlive.akamaized.net/hls/live/529965/Live_1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-mOfs1V0SQec/YP1FN0JuWRI/AAAAAAAAAmc/WpfbbBo0w58bgXCl7_tK_BTcGGGqFXYhwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529%25281%2529.png",MLGC SRT (UK)
https://wowzaprod188-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/728897/89b077e6/playlist.m3u8?Token=
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEiZ_Xwmg3Mwsc86elNe9NjG05xbk2bOm3r4r_v7nMwlqu93yqHqg3SbpQSlOshUPjFT68vxoRA288SyI6wUkun77bSas1y2fGu1U1Fon6cg63D2axgWmnFGDYt-_s8KP3okrLVFrZlytycnEJqOCRy-NsJSLqkPrQRO4fXxI-aIz48ZUVy3oxCw_CB3=s200",HBTV 1 (US)
https://betamg-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/513429/bettingtv/0_tklzcakd_1_2/chunklist.m3u8?Token=
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-jwY4arVuPY0/YP1IDl_menI/AAAAAAAAAmw/wXpzrKoYzFgyXpokDp0Kl1yiEqcMZoMywCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/rns-logo-white%25281%2529.png",RACING AND SPORTS (UK)
https://skylivesky-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/569780/skylive/stcsd_extreme@569780.m3u8?Token=
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Sal3YCcBacQ/YP1H2SWQYpI/AAAAAAAAAms/gJcHOD7Geh8S87H92N6RgnW6Gg9WsjyuwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25287%2529%25282%2529.jpeg",ET NOW (IN)
https://etnowweblive-lh.akamaihd.net/i/ETN_1@348070/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-efClvGvrur4/YP1IQJ05cYI/AAAAAAAAAm0/8tvAV_qz6fcxs0Bx4BA7vZgLC1Ji8IYhwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25288%2529%25282%2529.jpeg",CNBC TV 18 (IN)
https://cnbctv18-lh.akamaihd.net/i/cnbctv18_1@174868/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Co8iOD57Xy4/YP1JsL3s00I/AAAAAAAAAnI/hpzmKN2BN4YjplHVKNFUdfyaY396Q3FFwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529.jpeg",CNBC AWAAZ (IN)
https://cnbcawaaz-lh.akamaihd.net/i/cnbcawaaz_1@174872/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-vAh0xYpakiU/YTdWooBwvuI/AAAAAAAABDQ/v2KBC3UeXrkKA7HSii8W6alexpW7XBXEwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/logo-Clients-REDBull.png",REDBULL TV (ME)
https://rbmn-live.akamaized.net/hls/live/590964/BoRB-AT/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-6V4oBrTEF_A/YTiNpx0AAhI/AAAAAAAABD8/M1lw6buu0i0FxU0rGPRl-fUsYfaYZ9uSQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/download%25285%2529.png",FATV (US)
https://t04865-lh.akamaihd.net/i/t04865a_1@569562/index_3000000_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Z5yjxb-XXqg/YTdXPl5epZI/AAAAAAAABDk/QMQ6ffOIF6oTnQ30TxHzeQEtkh5BEzpqACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252810%2529%25283%2529.jpeg",GOD TV (US)
https://zypelive-lh.akamaihd.net/i/default_1@710958/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-WWB4MRzTKh4/YTiN-hd-06I/AAAAAAAABEE/iryr17vCdWAzRzGcoZYh7Pfu1bGoUMHpgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/BTV.png",BLOOMBERG (US)
https://liveprodeuwest.akamaized.net/eu1/Channel-EUTVqvs-AWS-ireland-1/Source-EUTVqvs-240-1_live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV",(US)
http://lsqvc1uscln-lh.akamaihd.net/i/lsqvc1uscln_01@809410/index_600_av-p.m3u8?
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-CT_9kOW-k2s/YTiPmRiK6ZI/AAAAAAAABEM/527gSaRRk-Q7M6A3m92vTdJ5fF1u6JLdgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25282%2529%25286%2529.png",BEK (US)
https://wowzaprod188-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/728897/89b077e6/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-8M7klrVFovw/YTiSDft7X0I/AAAAAAAABE8/dUB10J2AC5IW4R0GyBJpYef2Xr9SCZL0wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_09-08-04.05.37.png",FOX SPORTS NEWS (AU)
https://austchannel-live.akamaized.net/hls/live/2002736/austchannel-sport/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-0VJJl7Oq0No/YTiQctITCsI/AAAAAAAABEc/7PAMtoFQ5QoKOA7ZFBq3jenrCcBLQikKwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_09-08-03.58.45.jpg",SBN GLOBAL (US)
https://sonlife10-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/585013/ch10/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Acc7pqbwXDg/YTiRbGdOxMI/AAAAAAAABEo/lAalBYFE8ugo5603XbIKEnDSixOodRRiwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/Expo_2015_logo.png",EXPO (US)
http://tvsn-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/261837/expo/expo.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-dIJhsuguaOo/YTiSoRXEVFI/AAAAAAAABFE/GewGelC6IZ45ay_VxwYKAfuYWc73h2Z_QCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25284%2529.png",ABC NEWS (US)
https://abc-iview-mediapackagestreams-2.akamaized.net/out/v1/6e1cc6d25ec0480ea099a5399d73bc4b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-zlC9-1zF9WU/YTiUZxrYT_I/AAAAAAAABFM/rGTtLTyd4LEfXYFoZ5TqU1WBIRPQmGMLwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25284%2529.jpeg",HK (UK)
https://d3uyzhwvmemdyf.cloudfront.net/v1/master/9d062541f2ff39b5c0f48b743c6411d25f62fc25/HardKnocks-PLEX/121.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV",(UK)
https://tvsn-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/261837/tvsn/tvsn.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV",NEWS NET (US)
https://wowzaprod188-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/728897/54d0bcd5/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV",NJP WORLD (JP)
https://aka-amd-njpwworld-hls-enlive.akamaized.net/hls/video/njpw_en/njpw_en_channel01_3/playlist_DVR.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV",NJP WORLD (JP)
https://nhkwlive-ojp.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003459/nhkwlive-ojp-en/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV",NEWS 18 ASSAM (IN)
https://news18assam-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18assamne_1@526575/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="AKAMAI-TV",M2O TV (UK)
http://m2otv-lh.akamaihd.net/i/m2oTv_1@186074/index_400_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASSAMESE" tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/65/41/50/654150df61248ee6066b6ef42ddf5557.png",DY 365 (IN)
http://cdn.smartstream.video/smartstream-us/dy365/dy365/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASSAMESE" tvg-logo="https://northeastlivetv.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/Untitled-1-e1516706631592.png",NORTH EAST LIVE (IN)
https://cdn.pride-east.in/smartstream-us/mbrstreammbr/mbrstreammbr.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-hXstI0S8phQ/YOrSHpdfQTI/AAAAAAAAAUk/Wuv2_YMcqmcFkLcXremc-cPXc3z2EQCWQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",A1 TV (IN)
http://cdn.smartstream.video/smartstream-us/newsstate/newsstate.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-cLlWDA9R4Fo/YOrSY5KxUcI/AAAAAAAAAUs/wOmla-bpMtse0r9fFRS3gnhDqcUHFLpDgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25285%2529%25282%2529.jpeg",TV 100 (IN)
http://cdn.smartstream.video/smartstream-us/tv100/tv100/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-cs7nFnHrm4c/YOrSkyMiCYI/AAAAAAAAAUw/gMV2cfUYMOc9BmMJ9vzwm8aeTzF8xZ3cACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/Logo_news11.png",NEWS 11 (IN)
http://cdn.smartstream.video/smartstream-us/news11/news11/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASSAMESE" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Xw4CVRbfGwM/YP1J9ntpi5I/AAAAAAAAAnQ/DJFGs0CdFQUcs3kuKcxtzRFDr2IgQ9PrwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/download%25281%2529.png",JONAK (IN)
https://cdn.smartstream.video/smartstream-us/jonakk/jonakk/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASSAMESE" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-gwWLbvPZTIs/YOrGlcHcFWI/AAAAAAAAAQ4/1BK2Zpl03RUsbYeE9ziYtJjlAr3QVzTJQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/NKtv_Logo_200x102-removebg-preview.png",NK TV (IN)
https://rtmp.smartstream.video/nktvlive/nktvlive/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASSAMESE" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-zczMAy4hArw/YOrG1u6OEaI/AAAAAAAAARA/9F33UBtBCPcXwF7yyogWAUg4TN1ql_BSgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%25284%2529.jpeg",NEWS DAILY 24 (IN)
https://rtmp.smartstream.video/r9lives/r9lives/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-7Cr-WpFKZnU/YOrHE-ER4cI/AAAAAAAAARE/0INNILkwzVowli8W4AfxveqfPoiKCxRqwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25282%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",SUDARSHAN NEWS (IN)
https://rtmp.smartstream.video/sudarshannews/sudarshannews/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",CHANNEL WIN (IN)
https://cdn.smartstream.video/smartstream-us/channelwinlive/channelwinlive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",MHONE SHRADHA (IN)
http://rtmp.smartstream.video:1935/mhoneshradha/mhoneshradha/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",MHONE NEWS (IN)
http://rtmp.smartstream.video:1935/mhonenews/mhonenews/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASSAMESE",PRATIDIN TIME (IN)
https://rtmp.smartstream.video/pratidintime/pratidintime/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-gluHpNItFno/YJzPLfE03rI/AAAAAAAAAro/2r0yMXNU2aYN3GrFkfxqKZAF83QtXcD7ACLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%25283%2529.jpeg",TV ASIA (US)
https://streaming37.worldbbtv.com/hls/tvasiahindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SGuJQYN0CsM/YJ8XHsrGeUI/AAAAAAAAAwk/zGuzv9J_9B89Ipk_v1jyTfownO57koTBgCLcBGAsYHQ/s0/PicsArt_05-15-05.58.36.png",TV ASIA COMEDY (US)
https://streaming37.worldbbtv.com/hls/tvacomedy.m3u8
 
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fZ9xehFwWo8/YNsC_pY5yeI/AAAAAAAAAEo/6XQ9avu0wzcStcSwoLY84iTptsNkuQ0cQCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%25287%2529.png",CNN (UK)
https://cnn-cnninternational-1-gb.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-O4KzS2ZlSzo/YTiYb1drqAI/AAAAAAAABGA/TitNCv7jNak1yaIobt9eDjebT-_64-mTwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25285%2529%25284%2529.png",INSIGHT TV (US)
https://insighttv-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-PDLzGQrh2II/YTiZWb0sK0I/AAAAAAAABGI/pKP9dI6rILkhiCJxSAHQBMBfTDNiil-XQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/Young_Hollywood_logo.png",YOUNG HOLLYWOOD (UK)
https://younghollywood-rakuten.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-I3Mkmmw4h9A/YTiZjV3sx3I/AAAAAAAABGM/4w59-1ThLbgne8LSVFISQwXVFfcMM40sQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/download%25287%2529.png",YAHOO FINANCE (UK)
https://yahoo-samsung.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-gYgcAfUcADY/YTiaiEr0caI/AAAAAAAABGg/w47r0PvKCsowrdt99B8kEo8LZNdatCuogCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/bloomberg_default-a4f15fa7ee.jpg",BLOOMBERG (UK)
https://bloomberg-bloombergtv-1.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-OPNpvkr3PA8/YTiauZtt0ZI/AAAAAAAABGk/OlCauRfS9nc_02Mb8pLxwM6OD2SmKi0ZACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/1571847365901_ftf_transparentimages-tab.png",FTF (US)
https://elevensports-uk.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Fv0WQ19plv4/YTiePcNjw_I/AAAAAAAABG4/47OOgy2fTsc6VMkPLdxMLaCVmVwK_pPywCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/SamsungChannel230.png",AWTY (UK)
https://uksono1-samsunguk.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-UUnZTaXsGzU/YTibw2sOuEI/AAAAAAAABGw/80hM8uvQbW8t1xT7F2UF1kq_fkCQmXzAACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252821%2529%25283%2529.jpeg",FAILARMY (UK)
https://failarmy-linear.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-koYLiplV8m4/YTifKWmeTEI/AAAAAAAABHI/V2OItzfhC6Q-ocqn_oA-AeNSM1bxtEbTgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252820%2529%25283%2529.jpeg",HNCFREE (UK)
https://hncfree-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-GulpaDhhYts/YTigEkdN4xI/AAAAAAAABHQ/aJOvWMtNLws3-rX28YUypKKghWjtbiR7QCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25285%2529.jpeg",VENNTV (UK)
https://venntv-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-MbfaCGT4UNY/YTihGfuLvzI/AAAAAAAABHg/gSkGgbzPT1Mwl70mBnpop5yYXtq9tU8CgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/1200px-Tennis_Channel_logo.svg.png",TENNIS CHANNEL (UK)
https://tennischannel-int-samsunguk.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1zmBHDtLDUE/YTiitNKt-RI/AAAAAAAABH0/Fohlh2Iceg0nhXscbtUdDI61kkUXVJUEQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25286%2529%25282%2529.png",XITE (DE)
https://xite-samsung-de.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-QqAPLevy5qY/YTijRhFaMbI/AAAAAAAABIA/e9cUg08wR2oALxvtR4MJVdO2ULKjj3DOACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/Clubbing_TV_logoWhiteCircleSmall-e1575730056140.png",CLUBBINGTV (UK)
https://clubbingtv-samsunguk.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",REALFAMILIES (UK)
https://lds-realfamilies-samsunguau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",TDAMERITRADE (UK)
https://tdameritrade-vizio.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",CRACKLE (UK)
https://crackle-plex.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",MYTIME (UK)
https://mytime-tcl.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",MOVIESPHEREUK (UK)
https://moviesphereuk-rakuten.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",AMMORUNTIME (UK)
https://ammoruntime-plex.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",SPORTSGRID (UK)
https://sportsgrid-samsungus.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",THE PET COLLECTIVE (US)
https://the-pet-collective-linear.sinclair.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SqLZJRJN9lo/YNxh3BsVX_I/AAAAAAAAAGU/3Qa87UBUhxkOs539qSmN3mX0f5zxwLB6wCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%2B%25282%2529%25282%2529.jpeg",EURO NEWS (UK)
https://euronews-euronews-world-1.roku.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-MbirRD55EOA/YKZPN-3cxPI/AAAAAAAAA_Q/0wqNBg-53FgnV812i-fRSzhVsrYX9PsXACLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h200/images%2B%25281%2529%25284%2529.png",LOVE NATURE (US)
http://bamus-eng-roku.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",AFV! (UK)
https://linear-12.frequency.stream/dist/roku/12/hls/master/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",LEGO (UK)
https://legochannel-roku.amagi.tv/playlist1080-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",KOOL TV (UK)
http://209.182.219.50:1935/roku/roku/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",BLOOMBERG QUICKTAKE (UK)
https://bloomberg-quicktake-1.roku.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",AMC IFC (UK)
https://amc-ifc-films-picks-1.imdbtv.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SAMSUNG-TV",DUCK TV (UK)
https://mmm-ducktv-2-it.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pIM0AM0GAAI/YRZM1sMkWlI/AAAAAAAAA18/8-dQpvvPj081OeFYdDG6_fLX2rZc30n3gCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529.jpeg",DD SPORTS (IN)
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/ddsports.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-2EjBwYc1amI/YP1MGMkRqcI/AAAAAAAAAnw/U9tN5XE4d4QErhASB_V393Hs_Y19DtuUgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25289%2529%25282%2529.jpeg",IBC 24 (IN)
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/ibc24.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-B7w5zNJxgVU/YJzY2zkHmUI/AAAAAAAAAsg/BdbIjCE25n8eZPy1emNHKdXVyT6xPUvwQCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_03-21-05.08.30.jpg",DANGAL (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/dangal.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-nrBEJBvMxec/YOv1hwZ6lVI/AAAAAAAAAWM/077qpnr5ij0Br2SLKn8yufv1x8SnpPqhQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_07-12-01.25.43.jpg",DISCOVERY SCIENCE (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverscienceeng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-H_L2r_7sR3E/YOv18EGF1XI/AAAAAAAAAWU/okyP7YsAGks8gz-KbiojS-NfrSQLcKYaQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images.jpeg",DISCOVERY TURBO (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/turboeng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-l9btGw2epVM/YOv2ZdAGNsI/AAAAAAAAAWc/_Ig6xApZ3_QC_8pkd_iSMzCuV5E3gSCWACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25289%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",NEWS INDIA (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/hls/inkhabar.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-IpxjszTcnyo/YOv2l0_BukI/AAAAAAAAAWg/UQqce37XA90tE01krGOSEzIU0tPxtPahwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252810%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",DD KASHIR (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/ddkashir.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-JMO44CXmC0Y/YOv3ouQE1NI/AAAAAAAAAWs/3XcuqZ_7eeY4g6h7PK8LV6W-wDLbkZZ7QCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25283%2529.jpeg",TLC HD (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/tlchdhindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-QPbsx1Q2AJQ/YMc_uqVxU1I/AAAAAAAABKc/vP4EBJxRk7M-VmluwkLRW2MAZ_pWD-L3QCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%252811%2529.png",MANORANJAN TV (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/manoranjantv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-0IxLqpt1Ngw/YOv4JNIWNbI/AAAAAAAAAW4/rUxiYo50ne8OJRHXkVdX4hXuDuCMd6VqACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252811%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",NEWS X (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/hls/newsx.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Fx-tLa-ajJs/YTij24b9sLI/AAAAAAAABII/N8GmbGjKBgImEu_d1vurGO_ShwfcMQoGQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_07-16-05.48.14.jpg",ANIMAL PLANET HD (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/aphdhindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-6JD-IWsIVwk/YKX_wFOQYzI/AAAAAAAAA-Y/BYTJIsVa_NkkGVDRrFCOm1Wic5NQFDcZwCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h88/images%252825%2529.jpeg",DISCOVERY (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoveryhindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV",DISCOVERY KIDS (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverykidshindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-VAtJy65de0Q/YOv51zttMYI/AAAAAAAAAXM/wLIZvRcQuo8pI6_PVZYy9huCOr_uO2lbQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252812%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",B4U KADAK (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/moviehouse.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-j7UQ1UiuOnk/YNkVVhd7vAI/AAAAAAAAADw/KaHJbvk00mAJlQofemNk-1kspMpfrMYsACLcBGAsYHQ/s320/download.jpeg",WOW CINEMA ONE (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/wowcinema.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Nnk21xGRDVg/YMdAukcrJdI/AAAAAAAABK8/pXGFjSgFGqEGeHSPPJyAvLltamrrGGPgACLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%2B%25283%2529%25284%2529.jpeg",DD ASSAM (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/ddnortheast.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-iSH8Wk-Uz7U/YOv6EgndZwI/AAAAAAAAAXQ/CRu7AAz_X3I8Wab7bXNiPenmzcuai7-qACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252813%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",BIXFLIX MOVIES (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/bixflixmovies.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pY7gZbSDt7M/YOv71mYSNQI/AAAAAAAAAXc/nSFS4O8T_U0xZ001vsfLtKHzNuUznB-oACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252814%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",MAHA MOVIE (IN)
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/mahamovie.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MULTI-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-VnkK19wC3zc/YKNxsH4bWdI/AAAAAAAAA3M/CfWHtrwKZe0xQX-3rvnvV16gW-Bpn_WrQCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h191/PicsArt_05-18-01.18.46.jpg",COLORS CINEPLEX (IN)
https://viacom-b.multitvsolution.com/viacomhls/rishteycineplex.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-L6JBEL4I4jE/YL8j5M9SAqI/AAAAAAAABEU/c6soWjIk-lwQXdN_cYaV4h85H2jmHoh6wCLcBGAsYHQ/w320-h109/images%252838%2529.jpeg",CNA (ASIA)
https://d2e1asnsl7br7b.cloudfront.net/7782e205e72f43aeb4a48ec97f66ebbe/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rhWgq4jJ1J0/YNqzM-rzaHI/AAAAAAAAAD4/9_tDI503EZMEnkoVzw2QUsQlYffGMPragCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/1170x658withlog_2074233892.jpg",9XM (IN)
http://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/9XM/9XM.isml/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-cdDRQXILj2g/YOwYHewVryI/AAAAAAAAAYI/-l_iw4GpeBwQPZtKNex-p2SMNUFnrFGlACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529%25284%2529.png",9X JALWA (IN)
http://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/9XJalwa/9XJalwa.isml/9XJalwa-audio_208482_und=208000-video=877600.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-WU5YfY3WEZo/YMdDmOYuJoI/AAAAAAAABL4/s3WLrJ8Um7MsZUIYzn5DM63pB5Yh2YmggCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%252822%2529.jpeg",ZEE NEWS (IN)
https://d233nwklwv8p4.cloudfront.net/out/v1/860cb318d23a4c64b58c9d625281170c/index_3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-wIZZ7hQMXBM/YOwbGcpR3uI/AAAAAAAAAYg/X6giLWzGhAAqOhxiwvxT83l3W0qOVcJrACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%252811%2529.jpeg",BESTON 25 NEWS (US)
https://d3nzocdfkx2ybv.cloudfront.net/in/cmg-wftxtv-hls-v3/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-qI32n7NPBgQ/YTim5bMxGSI/AAAAAAAABIQ/9z3BrbPVMjoyCI3NeEfKSyM2qWv8L8LYgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_09-08-05.31.49.png",BAYWATCH (US)
https://d22ljxpuae2sin.cloudfront.net/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-RyAmm2ONIOw/YTioYzT7jeI/AAAAAAAABIY/cQ9kcjY5KkMA_AUSrBXlsAj-Ss65Nu2DwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/download%25286%2529.png",SKI TV (US)
https://d2xeo83q8fcni6.cloudfront.net/v1/master/9d062541f2ff39b5c0f48b743c6411d25f62fc25/SkiTV-Zee/193.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-zhLWeHSVJg4/YQfb9ICkHsI/AAAAAAAAAyc/G9DmQdbQ9UcGKfleMsZ_XIeKIGl5DmAMgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/1200px-WION_news_Logo.svg.png",WION (IN)
https://d2xqcdx4c8vu9s.cloudfront.net/out/v1/15b8393e9a9240b8bedd4c79ccefb301/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-UgtAMJp-a2M/YTiqBv_asXI/AAAAAAAABIg/GkXs-3rsl5UrbZE-2AxgENjfNhgCf5i5gCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images.jpeg",TNA (US)
https://d2tuwvs0ja335j.cloudfront.net/hls/main.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-yZRZTCi8L60/YJzX_Th8QnI/AAAAAAAAAsY/PDgCH92fn2QXh3ryx8EGdYUSK8LXnHd4gCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%2B%25281%2529%252812%2529.jpeg",DD RETRO (IN)
https://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/ddretro/ddretro.isml/ddretro-audio_208482_und=208000-video=877600.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",YAHOO (UK)
https://d1ewctnvcwvvvu.cloudfront.net/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(UK)
https://d2p372oxiwmcn1.cloudfront.net/hls/main.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",LOCAL NOW SPORTS (UK)
https://d39jokgb64z0et.cloudfront.net/dist/localnow/86/hls/master/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-UgtAMJp-a2M/YTiqBv_asXI/AAAAAAAABIg/GkXs-3rsl5UrbZE-2AxgENjfNhgCf5i5gCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images.jpeg",TNA (US)
https://d12a2vxqkkh1bo.cloudfront.net/hls/1080p/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-dkyiL4-RHOE/YP1NNPfwtWI/AAAAAAAAAoI/tchV3tQG1tkV8kUcoYxWuQO9QZY8EgbxgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252821%2529.jpeg",BOX CINEMA (IN)
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6523.BOXCinema.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1E0X9ZP3ZGQ/YJzXYfeQyDI/AAAAAAAAAsQ/lhvtycAXhWUzdQ53QHyx7Tt3RqLis-tyACLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_05-13-01.02.13.jpg",DD NATIONAL (IN)
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0098.DDNational.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-5zvOZoXO7vc/YP_fXYri_oI/AAAAAAAAApY/MkT3lCYMonUOluEUkV9S2bbvnLD8lrPUwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252814%2529.jpeg",NEWS NATION (IN)
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1062.NewsNation.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SBYqpwbuR2k/YOrMeZg8RiI/AAAAAAAAATA/e-bShHJC24I5-uRH60Oj8r9AhsqswtNlACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252812%2529.jpeg",INDIA TV (IN)
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0091.IndiaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-7V_aMzQ4LZY/YOxKPu1uAuI/AAAAAAAAAbE/5n85ElNXJuUzWpV2F6WhPeYtZUSo6auQACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252810%2529.jpeg",ABP NEWS (IN)
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7014.ABPNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-VHv0px0qYws/YP_ju_pL2aI/AAAAAAAAAqM/H9xP46oSYNwdM4zc6hqICvvfoi0BBfvawCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25284%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",CVR NEWS (IN)
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2144.CVREnglishNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-KxwvvnxlrbE/YOrLf5eRyBI/AAAAAAAAASo/GWl9NDMfMnwcWJNzSJLtJXm4iEvIKT0ogCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25287%2529.jpeg",SADHNA PLUS (IN)
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/4380.SadhnaPlus.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MX-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-6U1zJC1x50A/YP_lHn9Kf8I/AAAAAAAAAqc/CpeLEmQ5IrksCIndQZa3lXdkdyY6dmxhACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529.png",HINDI KHABAR (IN)
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5208.HindiKhabar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEgds-kepoBbWYVDRqUwKf0aocXxRPKvlZBi_46roIYI4XYrarduKimOnqxVfYd1dJ0TUncButWeLRe2rnN_lvpW7l-u0MESDJEBMC78o6l6odljpcxtqoIsjv_94Tayyqzio9Aje4LmD5YayEFpPWKq1-Mz1PRySIGwAbvj-wveT2b8pcUq_QJdGwwQ=s200",DISNEY CHANNEL (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/QjZ4g9TmAa/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEjK-3EYJmXJKIMzG_18jaDbJrD9CN_GsDF4Da4cPiPnnlvlJ1vSOhGl0WTNnDod6A0NJqtZ0DkhXd9fMpqZNSSy22S26tMexcvmAh2NzerUf5PBQroHvT757iTvm-RTirsLiCsRamQn6LKnIqbNnkXlk0ajUp_DvTz8FcDBWt0Z38ykDXwtGhqszGWv=s200",MARVEL HQ (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/niZoVrR2vD/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEjw0_4I25bldgfonT_2jfihjPaeJAoZhD_R-k_RwlDisddQf3OxzOMQrlh3XNYL6xIjDehkwnM3JQG3LG1k-vHWa5C8X6Q8mcotAINRqMYSTJAYMdkJjnaM7tFxj0M4W4zJ2gmO3BcYhnAb06nXShNd4Us4hoRzRPZc_26457Kzqp5aVfdhH2eqHFzb=s200",NICK HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/s5f1zEMJC1/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-C3WwYg_Dmo0/YNPRQd7VJuI/AAAAAAAAAA4/6n_yNQ2fMF87cDNoHWOaFMsL_RbVvn3YgCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_06-23-08.53.49.jpg",COLORS HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/6G8zJ9XsyB/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-JGHxkE4upMY/YO45n7z89jI/AAAAAAAAAb4/wI2VLvH0iVYzwAY9xX0ONL24kts9yfMRwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/SET_HD_2016.webp",SONY HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/7Lc21Ikj4q/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ochcJ8JU2l8/YRemFkxVclI/AAAAAAAAA34/XlPlGf4tbkMO8Mm_5JPNbxbEmMXtpFfrgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images.jpeg",SONY TEN 1 HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/fMLTkj4OJC/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEh8leFH4WiCnlPPRPmEIiSXgHEt38gTOJJM1iE_MFSbO6h4HcbNRW6pXSAdpVCMRRtFD8zCXieLg-dRsef07nFs9Fy3G6zbMWg1zaWCgu6HjeMeu0IGxrloeJHDPnJOub6ZoQwOyXcT2p0p0PdliGdjqdLtYpDuLMJ0exgRRvje-eKUHwGpFmQkBk1e=s200",EUROSPORTS HD (UK)
https://feed.play.mv/live/1009/H92bfaXp9Z/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-vrE2qLPiNkc/YP_tK49ei9I/AAAAAAAAAro/uSoOD5CeZWU_KQpInK4ZI7kWeawZCS0aQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/download.jpeg",COLORS CINEPLEX HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/ABTuyrBr22/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-zYAP2nGr09g/YO57CSxsBCI/AAAAAAAAAdc/OUmF6g4zkrIY2QqMPPmDwE2YHWNbCu18wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%252815%2529.jpeg",SONY BBC EARTH HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/7EsSDh7aX6/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-aWIKEawflVY/YTiqztLVcUI/AAAAAAAABIo/3fVag2zUjLImrLIG0jj_tchyvSuklPxpQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25284%2529%25285%2529.png",SONY PIX HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/jmW41EycvT/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-X4BHuDdG6N4/YKWxH-30awI/AAAAAAAAA9A/mtnwTDVYx3kpfc5W73xOjgAABQXHNEeGQCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h200/5d89baa6c85b7228779305.jpg",SONY SAB (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/1009/LdG80WcrbS/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-34z3bn5WSmY/YTirNBbKXgI/AAAAAAAABIw/j6z0073cI1AXaSuAH7uYO680oynfwiheQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529.jpeg",DISNEY INTERNATIONAL HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/IegKU9vXWg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-JMO44CXmC0Y/YOv3ouQE1NI/AAAAAAAAAWs/3XcuqZ_7eeY4g6h7PK8LV6W-wDLbkZZ7QCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25283%2529.jpeg",TLC HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/HE8qFtMl9Q/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ThxANJHMqEM/YTir9-9JVLI/AAAAAAAABI4/MV69TkFuf9I_XjMVsL4FB508B37Pp5QXgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25282%2529.jpeg",HUM MASALA (PK)
https://feed.play.mv/live/1009/uRdwlkNe1U/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-b_fuad7JTZI/YTiLATgkNJI/AAAAAAAABDs/54b8mX8IbZYGM1a7Hax4BNs3uHfgR_stgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/channels4_profile.jpg",HUM HD (PK)
https://feed.play.mv/live/1009/h5T18oYbas/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-cogaWb6yWZM/YTisKhfHBhI/AAAAAAAABI8/-5zS5kOiE88qDOs_k8P8uOx_r-5Y8CUDwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/Food_Network_New_Logo%25281%2529.png",FOOD NETWORK (ASIA)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/aGu172is5o/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-WQlixeCf9ug/YTis6teXX2I/AAAAAAAABJI/a5x-DF5dhS05P8sBiirCmF37MkSscKoGwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%25288%2529.png",DISCOVERY HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/2Lkn0sCJBz/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-0LTBDOAPc5Y/YTitKF8DmaI/AAAAAAAABJM/FOuG_rTtJPI15SN5ixYq-xInv2K7mqjaQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25282%2529%252819%2529.jpeg",TRVL (ASIA)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/2dPCepc9DA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY",SONY TEN 2 HD (IN)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/ONheoZY3w4/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY",ZOOMOO (ASIA)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/sdwa8BgXE4/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY",ZEE TV (ASIA)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/HXW3hMDfn5/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY",ZEE CINEMA (ME)
https://feed.play.mv/live/1009/U4igJyzIbn/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY",UTV MOVIES INT (US)
https://feed.play.mv/live/1009/h8ICfEsHxv/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY",HGTV (US)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/Wvl02Co4S1/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FEED-PLAY",HISTORY (US)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/isb9Qf3P5M/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-t91CCkj1VlU/YOwfXhpS9AI/AAAAAAAAAY8/iB5B5iKBaNsLBxH4e0G6Oxp0VNVp2Dv0ACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25283%2529.png",BBC EARTH (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/bbcearth_hls.smil/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-vot4sSl5X9Q/YOwmlexjkMI/AAAAAAAAAZ0/TAmdKrV72ncVaYIQO0ZyUN1XhnQIKbmEwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25283%2529.png",DISCOVERY ASIA (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/discoveryasia_hls.smil/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-qZavFSoFVB0/YNq4-PXMGYI/AAAAAAAAAEA/QpY4kKBQbLwP_it6xJyXVyZOStDNxatBgCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%25283%2529.png",DISCOVERY (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/discovery_hls.smil/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEjZIR1G3ccHXeM2KZcDL_bCuugKuTYqGgu3QLcKU0SUx1X5LsAt2WZCrzca_U4RaoPNgbkt6FZQYsZtBUVWPPIaSNZr62bvJ53GOy3PYFqnAHB6ED4AbYVtinxoo26MwHcW00eggQhIKgl2RSa8kk0QX7GLi-BmtSpJ8h8K32nrEBPVfKR-SkhMybC_=s200",CINEMAX (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda1/cinemax_hls.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",FOX SPORTS 3 (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/foxsports3_hls.smil/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-NleWSEb_YOA/YOwpb4StdXI/AAAAAAAAAaE/mO5W2USq7cYJgtCQ19TX2KiSDDvdA8kugCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/FOX_Sports_logo.svg%2B%25281%2529.png",FOX SPORTS (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/foxsports_hls.smil/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",HBO (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda1/hbo_hls.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",ANIMAL PLANET (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/animalplanet_hls.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",NAT GEO WILD (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda3/natgeowild_hls.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",FOX SPORTS 2 (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda3/foxsports2_hls.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",BBC CBEEBIES (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda3/cbeebies_hls.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",BABY FIRST (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda1/babyfirst_hls.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",TLC (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/travelliving_hls.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-IYqqVg5fyCM/YRZLduCEVuI/AAAAAAAAA1o/0_vQ6FPK57Me-qBVjkLwKDM0Y4UGXZd6QCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/1200px-Boomerang_2014_logo.svg.png",BOOMERANG (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda3/boomerang_hls.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",NAT GEO HD (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/natgeohd_hls.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FPT-PLAY",DREAM WORKS (ASIA)
https://livecdn.fptplay.net/hda3/dreamworks_hls.smil/playlist.m3u8
 
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",SONY MAX (IN)
http://d9af5a60.edmonst.net/iptv/N8RG6LD442U365/6574/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",DISTRO TV (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/e9b4093a41/+0000/low/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CHIVE TV (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/4df1bf71c1/+0000/low/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",BYU TV (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/d5b46/+0000/low/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",HONOR TV (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/d5b48/+0000/low/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/2a755012a8/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",MMA JUNKIE (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/80f6ba72c8/+0000/low/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/447912f76b/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",REELZ (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/d37066a396/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CHANNEL S (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/r-373576a3/publish/22679_24MrQma9TX/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",YOUNG HOLLYWOOD (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/e0f99ab19c/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/7582ed85f7/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CYCLE WORLD (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/3e5befe5dd/+0000//c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",HORIZON SPORTS (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/20dc4269f3/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",SPORTSKOOL TV (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/fabeab4b08/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",POPULAR SCIENCE (US)
http://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/447912f76b/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",IDG (US)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/529a360c04/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FIELD & STREAM (US)
http://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/7536b84786/+0000/high/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",SAVEUR (US)
http://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/060753d37e/+0000/high/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",INSIGHT TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/KAfBFcVrQgKmHhpzvkEn9A/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/EpqgwRlpQKq73ySVSohJWA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CINE LIFE (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/PFJ1Jhd6SsSMcu3qq86wzQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",COMET (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/xC8SDBfbTKCTCa20kFJQXQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CBSN (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/Sid4xiTQTkCT1SLu6rjUSQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",LAW&CRIME (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/3w3PsYzZQzS8lyRfi7e4mQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/TSIJo6RCRZWuCD9WrKtRFg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/3NTKKQBuQtaIrcUBj20lyg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",SPORTS TV PLUS (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/9FKrAqCfRvGfn3tPbVFO-g/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",EDGE SPORTS (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/d4zeSI-dTuqizFrByjs3OA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CON TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/o8Smo_gsSAm26uW9Xkww_g/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",(US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/4RH6FntvSLOIv5FB-p4I8w/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CINE HOUSE (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/28oUp4GcQ-u49U4_jjC4Iw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",ELECTRIC NOW (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/KsvJAc81Qoewj6opYso6Fw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",DOVE CHANNEL (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/dfbBGQhPQQqypdEAjpUGlA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FAIL ARMY (US)
http://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/7tuuoX1wSsCTaki1HqJFYw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",REVRY (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/gvO6-Y6TTjCxRf1QALU4VQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",POPSTAR! TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/cJFuxTLzQUqbGGrqTMBJuw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CLASSICA (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/AaFxJXOhQl-BsTVC9OCunQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",TBD (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/_xtY848OSRCm_k0veSjMHg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",GlLEWED TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/ChWV1GupQOWE92uG4DvbkQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FILMRISE FREE MOVIES (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/Va1QEor0SWO_x_SQNyaF0w/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",MADE IN HOLLYWOOD (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/Mteif75-SJeFi19Sk3-dGQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",MST3K (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/rmBGeSwhQEG64TrT0_JO2A/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",THE FILM DETECTIVE (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/OYH9J7rZSK2fabKXWAYcfA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",MAVTV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/YoBM0ae5Q62TPdrfFHS4RQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CBSN (US)
http://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/TxSbNMu4R5anKrjV02VOBg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",BUZZER (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/wFZ1ufQ8ToaSdPgGtbBbpw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",OUTSIDE (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/HJAq3zH1SUy_B6fb1j80_Q/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",CHARGE! (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/e1QjWFRNSR2YFYGsPbkfgg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FUTURISM (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/YakHdnr_RpyszducVuHOpQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",PEOPLE (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/Fe9LYYCFR5Csif-I5dyMHg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",THE ASYLUM (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/2r7F3DThT-C5YW21CUuGLQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",WTVQ-TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/7xSxXPG1RqKkNva1wIWlVw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",ALABAMA: MOBILE (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/-V3XSvA2Sa6e8h7cnHXB8w/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",ILLINOIS: CHAMPAIGN (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/YLDvM8DGQyqsYnDsgxOBPQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",NEWSY (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/0PopB0AoSiClAGrHVHBTlw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",MARYLAND: BALTIMORE (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/jCNW8TtPRe6lnJMMVBZWVA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",WREX-TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/_mTV6Al3QMurWaDDOKxS-g/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",WPTA-TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/HQc7j6g1QNC1B9Hb2Ecrug/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",WINK TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/RDMOOz10SfKAEdQ_ovgcUA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",KYMA-DT 1 (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/kKODf6quTASP0v4Zq1Zo_Q/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FOX47 (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/F2pAtIBvQTSkZCmUKqk0Zw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",SHOUT FACTORY TV (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/JX5KKhKKRPqchP3LfXD-1A/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",OUTDOOR AMERICA (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/WB-7LjdsRVm0wVoLZjR8mA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",NDTV 24x7 (US)
http://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/FbL8YN7tSnqysJ6wVjKW7A/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",THE BOB ROSS CHANNEL (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/3dbJrQmVT_-psb-KBYuKQA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",DUST (US)
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/xuMJ1vhQQDGjEWlxK9Qh4w/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-GkdMu6HsbkE/YOwd4Gk1l6I/AAAAAAAAAYs/EgrMlf9CGjQfdm2ga9S8SIxxssuv4CtLACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images.png",ANIMAL PLANET (ASIA)
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/00650a80-d16b-11eb-a003-876425f879d4/320891863
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-MbirRD55EOA/YKZPN-3cxPI/AAAAAAAAA_Q/0wqNBg-53FgnV812i-fRSzhVsrYX9PsXACLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h200/images%2B%25281%2529%25284%2529.png",LOVE NATURE (US)
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/e9b53cc0-f474-11eb-984f-31368ffb6476/348885205
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",B4U HITS (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0wh/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",B4U MUSIC (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0wk/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",B4U MOVIES (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0wj/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",BOX CINEMA (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0su/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",DISHUM TV (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0pe/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",E24 (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0pc/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",FOOD FOOD (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0qx/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",MUSIC INDIA (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0mt/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",MASTIII (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0my/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",TEHZEEB TV (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0p5/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",SHRI NAVGRAH CHANNEL (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0sm/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",SARV DHARM SANGAM (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0nn/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI",DHINCHAAK (IN)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0o5/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="PLAY" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-3QmksFVr12I/YMdCR4uYanI/AAAAAAAABLk/vZyg0CKOV70yLfp5z33pZW5VHft7Wd60ACLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%252848%2529.jpeg",ZEE TV (UK)
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/zee/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-VyGk99BNDXI/YOwun7J2pEI/AAAAAAAAAaw/-goNUiIPyRod_FsLkDNB1q3suxTpyxy8ACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%252815%2529%25281%2529.jpeg",HORNBILL TV (IN)
http://172.104.191.216:1935/hornbilltv/hornbilltv/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fZ9xehFwWo8/YNsC_pY5yeI/AAAAAAAAAEo/6XQ9avu0wzcStcSwoLY84iTptsNkuQ0cQCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%25287%2529.png",CNN (US)
http://218.202.220.2:5000/nn_live.ts?id=CNN
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-HPEimn5FiKE/YQkpdx8A9dI/AAAAAAAAA08/xHSSWtmX16w92nkzKBxDY1DwFFga3ye5wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images.jpeg",HD FASHION (US)
http://95.67.47.115/hls/hdfashion_ua_hi/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="http://onegolftv.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/onegolf-HD-oneline-01b.jpg",ONE GOLF (PK)
http://162.250.201.58:6211/pk/ONEGOLF/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",DISCOVERY HD HGTV (UK)
http://58.65.171.202:8000/play/4334/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",PEACE TV (UK)
http://82.114.67.178:8081/hls/PeaceTV.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",USA (US)
http://62.112.9.63:88/USA_NETWORK/index.m3u8?token=test
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",BEACHY (UK)
http://30a-tv.com/beachy.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",POKER TV (ME)
http://51.210.199.17/hls/stream.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",EX (UK)
http://213.151.233.36:8000/dna-6071-tv-pc/hls/4005v110.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-o2PjYWOkq_Q/YNsEM4WLqdI/AAAAAAAAAFI/yzM60mgco5kz6dx-u8uTRexchJkkMzNiACLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%2B%25281%2529%25283%2529.png",FOX NEWS (US)
http://1111296894.rsc.cdn77.org/ls-54548-2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",MSNBC REPORTS (UK)
http://1111296894.rsc.cdn77.org/LS-ATL-54548-10/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FOX LIFE (UK)
http://93.157.62.180:80/FoxLife/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH",FOX MOVIES (UK)
http://93.157.62.180:80/FoxMovies/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pJLkfbwGtGY/YO44hTm2TeI/AAAAAAAAAbg/PLnFwzdRUtgAwOey8VrwhVuqMjgl7Rh_ACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%252811%2529.png",STAR MOVIES HD (IN)
http://221.120.204.4/STAR-MOVIEAS-LOCKLE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-C3WwYg_Dmo0/YNPRQd7VJuI/AAAAAAAAAA4/6n_yNQ2fMF87cDNoHWOaFMsL_RbVvn3YgCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_06-23-08.53.49.jpg",COLORS HD (IN)
http://221.120.204.4/colours-hd-LOCKLE/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-xa7NT1tvZro/YNPXZhXijfI/AAAAAAAAADE/DEZWGMvNa5QfLlHM0DRUSlaAwK1vcd8mACLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h200/PicsArt_06-24-06.15.47.jpg",STAR PLUS HD (IN)
http://221.120.204.4/star-plus-LOCKLE/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-NP69DuoXNiQ/YO43_aprZwI/AAAAAAAAAbU/GLNxe37LKd0wVHPUzEQOvKDLwEOKoUaCwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_07-14-06.24.01.png",STAR WORLD HD (IN)
http://221.120.204.4/star-world-LOCKLE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV",SONY MAX HD (IN)
http://221.120.204.4/SONY-MAX-LOCKLE/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-JGHxkE4upMY/YO45n7z89jI/AAAAAAAAAb4/wI2VLvH0iVYzwAY9xX0ONL24kts9yfMRwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/SET_HD_2016.webp",SONY HD (IN)
http://221.120.204.4/SONY-HD-LOCKLE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fktS4IURByc/YO43k9xSajI/AAAAAAAAAbM/gex7jop3fIQ62kO64RiVFEmqfg8439VTQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_07-14-06.29.55.jpg",GEO HD (PK)
http://221.120.204.4/GEO-ENT-LOCKLE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-b_fuad7JTZI/YTiLATgkNJI/AAAAAAAABDs/54b8mX8IbZYGM1a7Hax4BNs3uHfgR_stgCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/channels4_profile.jpg",HUM HD (PK)
http://221.120.204.4/HUM-TV-LOCKLE/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-_94IB0QrIUY/YO46Mc-n5nI/AAAAAAAAAcE/Ol8o5H5q3S8qxwrgog8Hk-H3ONXGgjyYQCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25283%2529%25284%2529.png",URDU 1 (PK)
http://221.120.204.4/URDU-1-LOCKLE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-b9YYq5ymm_c/YQkwl7ax7nI/AAAAAAAAA1c/KWSGv0mHiEQtQ_OCdDDNATwNXLEKX6puwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25283%2529%25283%2529.jpeg",GEO SUPER (PK)
http://221.120.204.4/geo-super-LOCKLE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-2V1OsQqlvrc/YJpp8AG4rEI/AAAAAAAAAog/kjpcb5_fPQkz_7FJqInvQDQVNQkdqXopgCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h113/PicsArt_03-16-07.55.18.jpg",ZEE TV HD (IN)
http://221.120.204.4/zee-tv-LOCKLE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-CBftCi6QNI8/YJ5ez-kQMwI/AAAAAAAAAuA/v86Zor7yhgEOeU17dyh7yu-74NtLvcwMQCLcBGAsYHQ/s0/IMG_20210308_170725.jpg",ZEE CINEMA HD (IN)
http://221.120.204.4/zee-cinema-LOCKLE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV",24 NEWS (PK)
http://221.120.204.4/24-NEWS-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV",HUM NEWS (PK)
http://221.120.204.4/HUM-NEWS-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV",GTV NEWS (PK)
http://221.120.204.4/GTV-NEWS-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="LOCKLE-TV",LAHORE RANG (PK)
http://221.120.204.4/LAHORE-RANG-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pIM0AM0GAAI/YRZM1sMkWlI/AAAAAAAAA18/8-dQpvvPj081OeFYdDG6_fLX2rZc30n3gCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/images%2B%25281%2529.jpeg",DD SPORTS (IN)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/ddsports/Live/Channel(DDSPORTS)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-RLGv2Qe4_os/YOwtXc8uXzI/AAAAAAAAAak/eI9M8-afHyUi8RxOm0u015PuzlsKSH3xwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_07-12-05.23.40.png",BBC WORLD NEWS (IN)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/bbcworld/Live/Channel(BBCworld)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HINDI" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1E0X9ZP3ZGQ/YJzXYfeQyDI/AAAAAAAAAsQ/lhvtycAXhWUzdQ53QHyx7Tt3RqLis-tyACLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_05-13-01.02.13.jpg",DD NATIONAL (IN)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/ddnational/Live/Channel(DDNational)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS",ANIMAL PLANET (ASIA)
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/AnimalPlanet/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-RLGv2Qe4_os/YOwtXc8uXzI/AAAAAAAAAak/eI9M8-afHyUi8RxOm0u015PuzlsKSH3xwCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_07-12-05.23.40.png",BBC WORLD NEWS (ASIA)
http://93.190.139.35:8278/streams/d/bbcworldnews_antik/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-C3WwYg_Dmo0/YNPRQd7VJuI/AAAAAAAAAA4/6n_yNQ2fMF87cDNoHWOaFMsL_RbVvn3YgCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/PicsArt_06-23-08.53.49.jpg",COLORS HD (IN)
http://93.190.139.35:8278/streams/d/Colorhd/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-RIwQ9uRx8Qo/YNHLP_gD_jI/AAAAAAAAAAc/K9K7-LwbOl8C6wQ-Z1uI5rEFSf1viYkIQCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h98/download.png",AXN (ASIA)
http://93.190.139.35:8278/streams/d/Axn/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-YeMv2_ePRlU/YP_zkL_N5rI/AAAAAAAAAsY/ZTBuKVAs0LoCaVLxccquq1fcQWLpuqCngCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/09zeeactionzeeaction.png",ZEE ACTION (IN)
http://93.190.139.35:8278/streams/d/Zeeaction/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-eXdXXszzd70/YPle5E_Pl3I/AAAAAAAAAiU/y3xZpp6WuMEH4g-uroiEdMMt2FejaU04ACLcBGAsYHQ/s200/Zee-TV-US-HD_1.jpg",ZEE TV HD (IN)
http://93.190.139.35:8278/streams/d/Zeetvhd/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-CBftCi6QNI8/YJ5ez-kQMwI/AAAAAAAAAuA/v86Zor7yhgEOeU17dyh7yu-74NtLvcwMQCLcBGAsYHQ/s0/IMG_20210308_170725.jpg",ZEE CINEMA HD (IN)
http://93.190.139.35:8278/streams/d/Zeecinemahd/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-vSAExx8PwY0/YNHLA9IBGgI/AAAAAAAAAAU/VIjHTa-dX0EWHo6QspfSgKnqLlcnJ1i7wCLcBGAsYHQ/w200-h120/images.png",HBO (ASIA)
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Hbo/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="STREAMS",HGTV (ASIA)
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/HGTV/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-3jjDd1KH1wA/YOrFXkOTL7I/AAAAAAAAAQY/wGnEqEGr5y4q1k3oqhVWraZiCH01-2B8wCLcBGAsYHQ/s200/PicsArt_07-11-03.47.50.png",BBC NEWS (UK)
http://62.112.9.63:88/bbc_news_uk/index.m3u8?token=test
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Q3-0ZrS5_tY/YNx8_xtkZhI/AAAAAAAAAHU/Oj8MJNP51rwd4VSkLfGvz6riPDFhTpHnACLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%25283%2529.jpeg",FOX MOVIES (UK)
http://62.112.9.63:88/fox_movies/index.m3u8?token=test
 
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-HR8Go53lpp8/YNx_AWlMfnI/AAAAAAAAAHk/GlFeQUjAn5UBDot_qv4NUm-Av0LwlEGhwCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%25286%2529.png",SKY NEWS (UK)
http://62.112.9.63:88/sky_news_uk/index.m3u8?token=test
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENGLISH" tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fZ9xehFwWo8/YNsC_pY5yeI/AAAAAAAAAEo/6XQ9avu0wzcStcSwoLY84iTptsNkuQ0cQCLcBGAsYHQ/s320/images%25287%2529.png",CNN (UK)
http://62.112.9.63:88/cnn_uk/index.m3u8?token=test
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Bangladeshi" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/kFqOMtx.png",Ekusey TV (2)
http://live.ekushey-tv.com/hls-live/livepkgr/_definst_/liveevent/livestream3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Indian Bangla" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LeIa06D.png",ABP Ananda
https://abp-i.akamaihd.net:443/hls/live/765530/abpananda/master_1564.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Indian Bangla" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/HVZHZGl.png",Colors Bangla HD
https://yuppcatchup.akamaized.net/preview/etvbengali/2500.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Indian Bangla" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/kXfuCMM.png",News 18 Bangla
https://news18bangla-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18bangla_1@2289/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AMhvwJB.png",Star Plus HD
http://221.120.204.4/star-plus-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9SYqIRU.png",Zee TV HD
http://221.120.204.4/zee-tv-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gSXkPye.png",Bfilx Movies
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5045.BFlixMovies.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/srAUg8f.png",MBC Bollywood
http://mygoodstream.pw/proxy.php/https://shls-mbcbollywood-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a79c9d7ef2a64a54a64d5c4567b3462a/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/srAUg8f.png",MBC Bollywood (2)
http://mygoodstream.pw/proxy.php/https://shls-mbcbollywood-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a79c9d7ef2a64a54a64d5c4567b3462a/index_1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6grWgft.png",Rishtey Cineplex HD
https://viacom-b.multitvsolution.com/viacomhls/rishteycineplex_720p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ro7bedn.png",Sony Max HD
http://221.120.204.4/SONY-MAX-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ldXaLJK.png",Zee Cinema HD (3)
http://221.120.204.4/zee-cinema-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8GG7Ny9.png",Discovery SD
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoveryeng_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8GG7Ny9.png",Discovery SD Hindi
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoveryhindi_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8GG7Ny9.png",Discovery HD Hindi
http://mygoodstream.pw/proxy.php/http://89.187.182.181:9090/SS_BD_DISCOVERY/tracks-v1a1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XBz4I65.png",Discovery Science Hindi
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/discoversciencehindi_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XBz4I65.png",Discovery Science English
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/discoverscienceeng_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6uHly3s.png",Discovery Turbo
http://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/turboeng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/uQ4iijb.png",NASA TV
http://mygoodstream.pw/proxy.php/https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/MCyL9wX.png",National Geographic Wild
http://mygoodstream.pw/proxy.php/https://sc.id-tv.kz/NatGeoWildHD_34_35.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ELjuMyU.png",TLC SD Hindi
http://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/tlchindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ELjuMyU.png",TLC HD Hindi
http://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/tlchdhindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KLBorkM.png",Travel XP HD Hindi
http://mygoodstream.pw/proxy.php/https://d2a5us7y2ujl6n.cloudfront.net/TRAVEL_XP.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dQrdh2F.png",Al Jazeera FHD
https://live-hls-web-aje.getaj.net/AJE/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dQrdh2F.png",Al Jazeera HD
https://live-hls-web-aje.getaj.net/AJE/02.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dQrdh2F.png",Al Jazeera SD
https://live-hls-web-aje.getaj.net/AJE/03.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rDkxPUU.png",Arirang TV
http://amdlive-ch01.ctnd.com.edgesuite.net/arirang_1ch/smil:arirang_1ch.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AsLYbdw.png",CNA HD
https://d2e1asnsl7br7b.cloudfront.net/7782e205e72f43aeb4a48ec97f66ebbe/index_5.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Jy3Vr9F.png",CNN HD
https://cnn-cnninternational-1-de.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist_1280x720_3000k.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UyIJDcE.png",Sky News
https://skynews2-plutolive-vo.akamaized.net/cdhlsskynewsamericas/1013/latest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bAzFoQG.png",Times Now
https://timesnow-lh.akamaihd.net/i/TNHD_1@129288/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YUFz10j.png",Voice of America
http://voa-lh.akamaihd.net/i/voa_mpls_tvmc6@320298/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/2g1RZpU.png",Blue Ant Entertainment
http://45.126.83.51/dr9445/h/h16/02.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WWTsTa6.png",Dove Channel
https://cinedigm.vo.llnwd.net/conssui/amagi_hls_data_xumo1234A-dovenow/CDN/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/j8Ymta1.png",HBO (2)
https://liveorigin01.hbogoasia.com:8443/origin/live/main/HBO/5.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RgM8EXt.png",MBC 1
https://shls-mbc1ksa-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/451b666db1fb41c7a4bbecf7b4865107/index_1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qshsTyG.png",MBC Drama
https://shls-mbcdramaksa-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/ce0f0762d89e4394a856c5fd13e43645/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qshsTyG.png",MBC Drama Plus
https://shls-mbcplusdrama-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/97ca0ce6fc6142f4b14c0a694af59eab/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/euauPCp.png",Redbull TV
https://rbmn-live.akamaized.net/hls/live/590964/BoRB-AT/master_3360.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0rFA2Cx.png",Star Movies HD (2)
http://221.120.204.4/STAR-MOVIEAS-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rfjCQoz.png",Star World BDC
http://221.120.204.4/star-world-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/oWmEXpL.png",Thrill
http://45.126.83.51/qwr9ew/s/s34/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Religious" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/MujATAg.png",Madani TV
https://madnitv.vdn.dstreamone.net/madnitvbangla/madnibanglaabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Y7Npxxs.png",AD Sports 1
https://admdn1.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports1/smil:adsports1.stream.smil/chunklist_b1800000_t64NzIwcA==.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/OA19S3j.png",AD Sports 2
https://admdn5.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports2/smil:adsports2.stream.smil/chunklist_b1800000_t64NzIwcA==.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sPnZ0d5.png",Super Sports 3
http://93.157.62.180/Supersport3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/vowBrPg.png",Super Sports 5
http://93.157.62.180/Supersport5/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/N8CJxDY.png",Super Sports 6
http://93.157.62.180/Supersport6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1gyHXhe.png",Super Sports 7
http://93.157.62.180/Supersport7/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/MkFsM39.png",1HD Music
http://1hdru-hls-otcnet.cdnvideo.ru/onehdmusic/tracks-v1a1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3mkjuTk.png",9X Jalwa
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/live/0781.9XJalwa.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RCKpn0U.png",9X Jhakaas
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/live/0750.9XJhakaas.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IEwWaEN.png",9X Music
http://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/9XM/9XM.isml/9XM-audio_208482_und=208000-video=877600.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IEwWaEN.png",9XM (2)
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/live_hd/0306.9XM.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rEhhYpe.png",Boogle Bollywood
http://live.agmediachandigarh.com/booglebollywood/774e3ea9f3fa9bcdac47f445b83b6653.sdp/booglebollywood/booglebolly1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RPRT3Zq.png",Bol Hadippa
https://live.hungama.com/linear/bol-hadippa/playlist_144p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LZ7W3Yc.png",Masti TV
http://103.199.160.85/Content/masthi/Live/Channel(Masthi)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wg3N1VT.png",Music India
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls_hd/0204.MusicIndia.in_720p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/g9OTeXV.png",Sangeet Bangla (2)
https://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/sangeetbangla/sangeetbangla.isml/sangeetbangla-audio_208482_und=208000-video=877600.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4MNpDTQ.png",Animax
http://210.210.155.35/session/97087bc0-cdbe-11eb-93ed-8347abb92605/dr9445/h/h144/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dYLwOJA.png",Cartoon Network Arabic
https://shls-cartoon-net-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/dc4aa87372374325a66be458f29eab0f/index_4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/swM1L4e.png",Disney Hindi (2)
https://feed.play.mv/live/10005200/QjZ4g9TmAa/1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DDsHkBv.png",Majed
https://admdn4.cdn.mangomolo.com/majid/smil:majid.stream.smil/playlist.m3u8?checkedby:hlscat.com
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/SQS0HbU.png",Spacetoon (2)
https://shls-spacetoon-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/6240b773a3f34cca95d119f9e76aec02/index.m3u8?checkedby:hlscat.com
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/swM1L4e.png",Discovery Kids Hindi [H]
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/discoverykidshindi_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/SQS0HbU.png",Spacetoon [H]
https://shls-spacetoon-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/6240b773a3f34cca95d119f9e76aec02/index_3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/SQS0HbU.png",SpaceToon 2 [H]
https://streams.spacetoon.com/live/stchannel/smil:livesmil.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Kids Hindi" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mx6sZOU.png",TRT Cocuk [H]
https://tv-trtcocuk.live.trt.com.tr/master_480.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh FM Radio" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RSoi6ue.png",Radio Foorti (88.0)
https://node-11.zeno.fm/f0bfdk2w34zuv?rj-ttl=5&rj-tok=AAABdMRV22UAcwucDbg4sNb1IQ
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh FM Radio" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/srXJwSN.png",Bangladesh Betar (88.8)
http://as3.digitalsynapsebd.com:8263/;stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh FM Radio" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0HrUDOH.png",Radio Today (89.6)
http://node-24.zeno.fm/0zha3rfq02quv?rj-ttl=5&rj-tok=AAABdMQIscsAumYfZ0oUroNvhQ
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh FM Radio" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YIIvblK.png",Big FM (92.7)
http://sc-bb.1.fm:8017/;?listening-from-radio-garden=1601016386228
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh FM Radio" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sgjOpqz.png",Jago FM (94.4)
http://128.199.184.111:12496/;stream/1?listening-from-radio-garden=1601015113662
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh FM Radio" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/oCqZq70.png",Radio Mirchi (98.3)
http://peridot.streamguys.com:7150/Mirchi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh FM Radio" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FtO5Esl.png",Radio Ekattor (98.4)
http://162.254.149.187:9302/;stream/1;?listening-from-radio-garden=1601015834943
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh BD IPTV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IYGU8Km.png",CNN Bangla
https://cdn1-europe.smartcast.tv:443/rtvd/cnnb_backup/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh BD IPTV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IYGU8Km.png",ITV
http://162.244.81.142:1935/live/livestream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh BD IPTV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IYGU8Km.png",KTV Bangla
https://server1.jadubd.com/ktvbangla/ktvbangla/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh BD IPTV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IYGU8Km.png",Nandan TV
http://nandansyst.com/hls/nandan.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh BD IPTV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IYGU8Km.png",Progoti TV
http://tv.bdiptv.com:8081/live/progoti/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh BD IPTV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IYGU8Km.png",TBN 24
https://dog.dg21bd.com:443/TBN242/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/P5EXpPy.jpg",7S Music (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/7smusic/Live/Channel(7smusic)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6h83JRO.png",9X Jalwa (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0nc/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/aZ0f85I.png",9X Jhakaas (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0mx/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fD7wLka.jpg",9XM (480p)
https://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/9XM/9XM.isml/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music",A NEWSDONs TV- SWAG SADDA VAKRAA (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://newsjatt.camdvr.org:1935/newsjatt/myStream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/x1Y2P21.png",Aaj Tak (576p)
https://lmil.live-s.cdn.bitgravity.com/cdn-live/_definst_/lmil/live/aajtak_app.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IgwQ7o5.png",Aathavan TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://45.77.66.224:1935/athavantv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://tv.releasemyad.com/images/logo/20160108044853abp-ananada.jpg",ABP Ananda (720p)
https://abp-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/765530/abpananda/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",ABP Asmita (720p)
https://abp-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/765532/abpasmita/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://static.abplive.in/wp-content/themes/abp-hindi/images/logo/hindiLogoD.png",ABP Hindi (720p)
https://abp-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/765529/abphindi/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",ABP Majha (720p)
https://abp-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/765531/abpmajha/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xxWaGyn.jpg",Amrita TV (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/amrita/Live/Channel(Amrita)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Apna Punjab (720p)
http://cdn5.live247stream.com/apnapunjab/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music",Artist Aloud (1080p)
https://live.hungama.com/linear/artist-aloud/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Ashrafi Channel [Not 24/7]
http://ashrafichannel.livebox.co.in/ashrafivhannelhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/89LBgkl.png",Asianet News (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/asianetnews/Live/Channel(Asianetnews)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/89LBgkl.png",Asianet News (404p) [Not 24/7]
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/asianet-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://static.asianetnews.com/v1/images/bangla_logo.png",Asianet News Bangla (360p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/rplus-origin/rplusasianetlive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://static.asianetnews.com/v1/images/asianet_suvarna_news.png",Asianet News Kannada (360p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/suvarna-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://static.asianetnews.com/v1/images/tamil_logo.png",Asianet News Tamil (360p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/ptm-origin/aslive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/vwkjtRT.png",B4U Kadak (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/moviehouse/Live/Channel(MovieHouse)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/SsooYqR.png",B4U Plus (720p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0wi/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="http://booglebollywood.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/boogle-bollywood-final_2-300x96.png",Boogle Bollywood (400p)
http://live.agmediachandigarh.com/booglebollywood/774e3ea9f3fa9bcdac47f445b83b6653.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UXg6sac.png",Captain TV (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/captain/Live/Channel(Captain)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Channel Y (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://cdn19.live247stream.com/channely/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wdSDF2V.png",Colors Bangla (720p)
https://yuppcatchup.akamaized.net/preview/etvbengali/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hpizqP6.png",Dabangg (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0nb/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/darshana-tv-channel-logo-300x300.jpg",Darshana TV (576p)
https://streaming37.worldbbtv.com/hls/darshana.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9HfMVKs.jpg",DD Malayalam (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/ddmalayalam/Live/Channel(DDMalayalam)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",DD Punjabi (576p)
https://hls.media.nic.in/live/ddpunjabi1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PEEELsL.png",DD Sports (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/ddsports/Live/Channel(DDSPORTS)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Desi Beats HD (720p)
http://cdn7.live247stream.com/desibeats/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music",Desi Channel (400p)
https://live.wmncdn.net/desichannel/7e2dd0aed46b70a5c77f4affdb702e4b.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Desi Plus (720p)
http://cdn2.live247stream.com/desiplus/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music",Dhamaal (480p)
https://live.hungama.com/linear/dhamaal/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AC4ze9o.jpg",Dhinchaak 2 (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0tm/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wdE7gxU.png",Dighvijay (240p) [Not 24/7]
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/dighvijay-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://od.lk/s/MF8yMzAxMjQ1MzBf/Docubay_750x750.png",DocuBay TV (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://docubayvh.s.llnwi.net/526a07ab-6ae7-4b6c-84a1-159791416484_1000004372_HLS/manifest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/VdcG0i6.png",Dream TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://cloudflare-cdn301.ottpro.in/dream_media/reedeem/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/yXHmKtT.png",Dreamz TV (768p) [Not 24/7]
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/DREAMHD/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/e43ysdo.png",Dum TV Kannada (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0sq/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",ETV Chattisgarh [Offline]
https://etv-mp.akamaized.net/i/etv_mp_hls_1@175737/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",ETV Uttarakhand [Offline]
https://etv-up.akamaized.net/i/etv_up_hls_1@175735/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/y0VS4QN.png",Fakt Marathi (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0q8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",FASTWAY NEWS (720p)
http://163.47.214.155:1935/fwnews/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Filmeraa (720p)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/7ef91d3d7a/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://www.flowerstv.in/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/Flowers-Logo-alpha-1.png",Flowers TV (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/flowers/Live/Channel(Flowers)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J74dCx6.png",Gaunda Punjab TV (720p)
http://start.agmediachandigarh.com/gaundapunjab/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",GDNS Ludhiana (1080p) [Not 24/7]
http://akalmultimedia.net:1935/gdnslive/gdns-live/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",Global Punjab (720p) [Offline]
https://wowzaprod207-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/827936/2eba5b83/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zCIK5Ze.png",GSTV (720p)
https://1-213-10546-44.b.cdn13.com/388656798579293628302251.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/C7XN3JP.png",Hi Dosti (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0rg/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Hulchul TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://cdn12.henico.net:8080/live/jbani/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/u191zfh.png",I Love (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0p3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/CzdM0pg.png",Imayam (480p)
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/imayamtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="http://akm-img-a-in.tosshub.com/sites/all/themes/itg/logo.png",India Today (720p)
https://indiatodaylive.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014320/indiatoday/indiatodaylive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IYXrLPs.png",India TV (480p)
https://live-indiatvnews.akamaized.net/indiatv-origin/ITV_1_1@199237/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IYXrLPs.png",India TV (480p)
https://live-indiatvnews.akamaized.net/indiatv-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/radWIeb.png",Isai Aruvi (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/isaiaruvi/Live/Channel(IsaiAruvi)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Jw0M6Kp.jpg",Jaihind TV (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/jaihind/Live/Channel(Jaihind)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Jan TV (360p) [Not 24/7]
http://jantvstream.in:1935/edge1/sc1jantv.stream_aac/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LWUpmDm.png",Janam TV (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0ja/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LWUpmDm.png",Janam TV (720p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/janamtv-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Janta TV (1080p)
https://live.wmncdn.net/jantatv/live.stream/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PYs1W1Y.png",Jeevan TV (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/jeevan/Live/Channel(Jeevan)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gIYOu4i.jpg",Jhanjar Music [Not 24/7]
http://159.203.9.134/hls/jhanjar_music/jhanjar_music.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music",Kadak Hits (1080p)
https://live.hungama.com/linear/kadak-hits/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dp6BvWJ.png",Kairali Arabia (576p)
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/kairaliarabia_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hXsVrIh.jpg",Kairali News (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/people/Live/Channel(People)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8Di4h6t.png",Kairali TV (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kairali/Live/Channel(Kairali)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Z626hKz.jpg",Kairali We (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/we/Live/Channel(We)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/3a/Kalaignar_logo.jpg",Kalaignar (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kalaignartv/Live/Channel(KalaignarTV)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Kalaignar Murasu (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/kalaignarmurasu/Live/Channel(KalaignarMurasu)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Kalaignar Seithikal (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/kalaignarseithikal/Live/Channel(KalaignarSeithikal)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Kalaignar Sirippoli (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kalaignarsirippoli/Live/Channel(Kalaignarsirippoli)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Kalinga TV (864p)
https://live.mycast.in/kalingatv/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",Kanak News (720p)
https://live.kanaknews.com:4443/live/stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/MkfPo1V.jpg",Kappa TV (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kappa/Live/Channel(Kappa)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/78/Kasthuri-TV-logo.jpg",Kasthuri (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kasthuritv/Live/Channel(KasthuriTV)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://kaumudy.tv/images/logo.jpg",Kaumudy TV (360p)
https://live.wmncdn.net/kaumuditv1/live.stream/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NY94lnZ.png",KCV Movies (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/KCVMOVIE/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0XF3nLw.png",Kerala Vision (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0ni/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Khabrain Abhi Tak (480p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/kat-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Life Punjabi (720p)
http://live.agmediachandigarh.com/lifepunjabi/e27b5c8d89b83882ca3b018eeed14888.sdp/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Life TV (480p)
http://59c3ec70cfde0.streamlock.net/channel_6/channel6/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/yJWfyfM.png",Malabar News (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://cloud.logicwebs.in:1935/live/malabarnews/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/V5nQl9m.png",Mangalam (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mangalam/Live/Channel(Mangalam)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/QWHbIYt.png",Manorama News (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/manoramanews/Live/Channel(ManoramaNews)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies",Manoranjan Grand (480p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0m2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xlGIEnZ.png",Mathrubhumi News (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/mathrubhuminews/Live/Channel(Mathrubhuminews)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xCHQrH0.png",Mazhavil Manorama (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0kd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xCHQrH0.png",Mazhavil Manorama (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0pa/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xCHQrH0.png",Mazhavil Manorama HD (1080p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0p9/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tQvdxWo.jpg",Media One (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/mediaone/Live/Channel(MediaOne)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music",MH1 Music (360p)
http://rtmp.smartstream.video:1935/mhonemusic/mhonemusic/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FAytBoW.png",MK Six (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktv6/Live/Channel(MKTV6)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/m8DPQd6.png",MK Tunes (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktunes/Live/Channel(MKTunes)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UxxbaR3.png",MK TV (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktv/Live/Channel(MKTV)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://expressott.in/uploads/tv_image/m-sign-media.PNG",Msign Media (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://cloud.logicwebs.in:1935/msign/msignmedia/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Rt7k6E3.png",Mtunes Plus (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0p2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F7tPCwh.png",Music India (360p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/musicindia/Live/Channel(MusicIndia)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/897059156556783616/BUbUxAuW.jpg",Naaptol (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0n1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Namdhari (404p)
https://namdhari.tv/live/sbs1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",Naxtra News (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://wearelive.livebox.co.in/naxatratvhls/Naxatratv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music",Nazrana (1080p)
https://live.hungama.com/linear/nazrana/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_24x7.png",NDTV 24X7 (480p)
https://ndtv24x7elemarchana.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003678/ndtv24x7/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",NDTV India (480p)
https://ndtvindiaelemarchana.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003679/ndtvindia/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Business" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_Profit.png",NDTV Profit (480p)
https://ndtvprofitelemarchana.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003680/ndtvprofit/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Business",NDTV Profit [Offline]
https://ndtv.live-s.cdn.bitgravity.com/cdn-live/_definst_/ndtv/live/ndtv_profit.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/vYme2fs.png",Nee Cinema (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.neestream.com/neestream_01/nee_cinema/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="http://srilankanews.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/nethra.png",Nethra TV (480p) [Not 24/7]
https://dammikartmp.tulix.tv/slrc3/slrc3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Bengali (360p)
https://news18bangla-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18bangla_1@2289/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Chhattisgarh (360p)
https://news18mp-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18mpcg_1@175737/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Gujarati (360p)
https://news18gujarati-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18gujarat_1@370955/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Hindi (360p)
https://news18india-lh.akamaihd.net/i/news18india_1@174951/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Jharkhand (360p)
https://news18bihar-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18biharjh_1@175736/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://static.kannada.news18.com/kannada/uploads/2020/03/Kannada1.png",News 18 Kannada (360p)
https://news18kannada-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18kannada_1@372918/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Lokmat (504p)
https://iptv-all.lanesh4d0w.codes/india/news18-lokmat.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D9lMLmX.png",News 18 Malayalam (360p)
https://news18kerala-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18kerala_1@526583/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Odia (360p)
https://etv-oriya.akamaized.net/i/n18odia_1@179753/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Punjab (360p)
https://news18haryana-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18punjabhimhar_1@349009/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Rajasthan (360p)
https://news18rajasthan-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18raj_1@175738/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Tamil (360p)
https://news18tamil-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18tamil_1@526595/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Urdu (360p)
https://news18urdu-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18urdu_1@373059/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Uttarakhand (360p)
https://news18up-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18upuk_1@175735/index_4_av-p.m3u8?rebase=on&sd=10
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 24 (480p) [Not 24/7]
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/news24-origin/liveabr/news24-origin/live1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 24 (360p) [Not 24/7]
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/news24-origin/liveabr/news24-origin/live2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/oBjgUTc.png",News 7 Tamil (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0kp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News18 Assam (504p)
https://news18assam-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18assamne_1@526575/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Odisha TV (480p) [Not 24/7]
https://cdn.smartstream.video/smartstream-us/otvnewmbr/otvnewmbr.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ssMOeaj.png",One TV (720p)
http://137.59.86.218:1935/live/onetv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xgEQiso.png",Peppers (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/peppers/Live/Channel(Peppers)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://india.mom-rsf.org/typo3temp/_processed_/d/c/csm_16526-1592_import_d84315ad22.png",Polimer News (720p)
https://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/polimernews.smil/chunklist_b1800000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://india.mom-rsf.org/typo3temp/_processed_/d/c/csm_16526-1592_import_d84315ad22.png",Polimer News (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0lg/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music",Pop Pataka (1080p)
https://live.hungama.com/linear/pop-pataka/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",Pramaya News7 (576p)
https://live.mycast.in/encode/ee0c5a36ff5a7083ee044991974ad3ba.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DtXRfBj.png",Pravasi (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://5ee50688d7b5d.streamlock.net:444/live/pravasi/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/35/Public_Music_Kannada_Channel_Logo.jpg",Public Music (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/publicmusic/Live/Channel(PublicMusic)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",PUNJAB TV (720p)
http://158.69.124.9:1935/5aabtv/5aabtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Punjabi Zindabad (360p)
http://stream.pztv.online/pztv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1q1LQQ9.png",Puthuyugam TV (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/puthuyugam/Live/Channel(Puthuyugam)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/a80vdrp.jpg",Reporter TV (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/reporter/Live/Channel(Reporter)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Sada TV (720p)
http://cdn12.henico.net:8080/live/sadatv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LOepeP3.jpg",Safari TV (480p)
https://j78dp346yq5r-hls-live.5centscdn.com/safari/live.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/cA7PpJG.jpg",Sana Plus (720p)
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/live/sanatv2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D03gyp2.png",Sana TV (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/sanatv/sanatv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Sanskaar (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://sanskarlive.sanskargroup.in/sanskartvlive.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LsacUVi.png",Santhora TV (720p)
http://rtmp.santhoratv.zecast.net/santhoratv/santhoratv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LsacUVi.png",Santhora TV (720p)
http://santhoratv.zecast.net/santhoratv/santhoratv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6Q844bs.jpg",Sardari TV (1080p)
http://158.69.124.9:1935/sardaritv/sardaritv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Satsang (1080p) [Not 24/7]
https://satsangtv.sanskargroup.in/satsangtvlive.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Serveur TV (720p)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/060753d37e/+0000/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6hTshsG.png",Shekinah TV (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0ok/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UNNcOef.png",Shemaroo TV (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0nh/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/m9UFtTM.png",Show Box (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0o8/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Religious" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ibnqDAD.png",Shubhsandesh (576p)
https://6284rn2xr7xv-hls-live.wmncdn.net/shubhsandeshtv1/live123.stream/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Religious",Sri Sankara (360p)
https://8noro432dm6g-hls-live.wmncdn.net/Sri/a5518065f47332dad6b509920c827474.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5r4gCMh.jpg",Steelbird Music (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://cdn25.live247stream.com/steelbirdmusic/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ENrptYg.png",Surya TV (540p)
https://catchup.yuppcdn.net/amazonv2/20/preview/suryasd/master/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Swaraj Express (576p) [Not 24/7]
https://live.wmncdn.net/highnews/swaraj.stream/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d3/TVI_HD_logo.png",Tamil Vision International (1080p)
http://live.tamilvision.tv:8081/TVI/HD/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d3/TVI_HD_logo.png",Tamil Vision International (720p)
http://live.tamilvision.tv:8081/TVI/SD/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/TBO_CLASSIC_TV_white.png",TBO Classic Telugu (720p)
https://catchup.yuppcdn.net/amazonv2/20/preview/tboclassic/master/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://images-eu.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71QprgRT4rL.png",Thanthi TV (720p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/thanthi-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YSQVbIm.png",Time Vision News (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://cloud.logicwebs.in:1935/timevision/timevision/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://d2jo35ozacw6sq.cloudfront.net/wp-content/themes/tv9kannada/images/Tv9-Kannada-57x57.png",TV9 Kannada (720p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/tv9kannada-origin/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat-logo.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-9-telugu-in.png",TV9 News (720p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/tv9telugu-origin/live/tv9telugu-origin/live1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/eS2fVDh.png",Twenty Four News (576p)
http://103.199.160.85/Content/24news/Live/Channel(24news)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/etr1k08.png",Vaanvavil (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0nx/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YeR3mm9.png",Velicham (360p) [Not 24/7]
https://rtmp.smartstream.video/velichamtv/velichamtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/s690F67.png",Wow Cinema One (576p)
http://14.199.164.20:4001/play/a0n3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Xplore Channel (720p)
http://cdn18.live247stream.com/ndachannel/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6E8SbCf.png",Yupp Thirai (270p)
http://119.81.82.28/encoded/yuppthirai_800/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/CdXieB6.png",Zee Bioskop (360p) [Geo-blocked]
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s32/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Zee TV (480p)
https://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/ZEETV/ZEETV.isml/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Sports" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XboGSjX.png",Fuel TV (1080p)
https://fueltv-fueltv-12-in.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Cooking" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ygVGi3s.png",Gusto TV (720p)
https://gustotv-samsung-in.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh",Inshort (India) (720p)
https://inshort-samsungindia.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5f06bc60e236570007793f31/colorLogoPNG.png",Insight TV (720p)
https://insighttv-samsungindia.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gKhDcQY.png",InTrouble (1080p)
https://introuble-samsungindia.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/VSiG39E.png",InWild (720p)
https://inwild-samsungindia.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YqF4usD.png",InWonder (720p)
https://inwonder-samsungindia.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",ABP Asmita
http://abpasmita-lh.akamaihd.net:80/i/abpasmita_1@77821/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTZNoM8_ZqOG-8Lksy07YD-ltPehSFnfWcmxTU1LxlwbC58_8jcfJ987g",ABP Asmita
https://abpasmita-lh.akamaihd.net/i/abpasmita_1@77821/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",APB
https://hindiabp-lh.akamaihd.net/i/hindiabp1new_1@192103/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/nOIcXJ6.png",Aus Tamil
https://bk7l2pn7dx53-hls-live.5centscdn.com/austamil/fe01ce2a7fbac8fafaed7c982a04e229.sdp/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/ayush_tv_in.png",Ayush TV
http://95eryw39dwn4-hls-live.wmncdn.net/Ayushu/271ddf829afeece44d8732757fba1a66.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",Channel Divya
http://edge-ind.inapcdn.in:1935/berry1/latest.stream_aac/chunklist_w1157917870.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",Channel-S Live TV
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/22679_24MrQma9TX/-0500/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/DESICHANNEL09.jpg",Desi Channel
http://live.wmncdn.net/desichannel/7e2dd0aed46b70a5c77f4affdb702e4b.sdp/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",Desi Channel
http://live.wmncdn.net/desichannel/7e2dd0aed46b70a5c77f4affdb702e4b.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/DESICHANNEL09.jpg",Desi Channel
https://live.wmncdn.net/desichannel/7e2dd0aed46b70a5c77f4affdb702e4b.sdp/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined" tvg-logo="http://channeldivya.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/logo.png",Divya
http://edge-ind.inapcdn.in:1935/berry1/latest.stream_aac/chunklist_w927914309.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zCIK5Ze.png",GSTV
https://cdnlive.livecast.io/388656798579293628302251.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/lzmU9zr.png",Harvest TV USA
http://live.wmncdn.net/harvestusa/d57ffba6564caea2fee3f4085f19a098.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/lzmU9zr.png",Harvest TV USA
https://live.wmncdn.net/harvestusa/d57ffba6564caea2fee3f4085f19a098.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/cMJVuIr.jpg",Shemaroo Bollywood Classic
https://livechannel.shemaroome.com/linearplayout/02-bollywood-classic/chunklist_1920x1080_cf.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/t1O83T7.jpg",Shemaroo Punjabi TV
https://livechannel.shemaroome.com/linearplayout/punjabi-linear-channel/chunklist_1920x1080_cf.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",Ind TV USA
https://t06858-lh.akamaihd.net/i/t06858a_1@719164/index_1500000_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/janam_tv_in.png",Janam TV
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/janamtv-origin/liveabr/janamtv-origin/live3/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/janam_tv_in.png",Janam TV
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/janamtv-origin/liveabr/janamtv-origin/live3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/kaumudy_tv.png",Kaumudy TV
http://live.wmncdn.net/kaumuditv1/live.stream/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",MH1 Music
http://rtmp.smartstream.video:1935/mhonemusic/mhonemusic/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",MH1 News
http://rtmp.smartstream.video:1935/mhonenews/mhonenews/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/u3ZwRHX.png",Marutam TV
https://mntv.livebox.co.in/mntvhls/mntv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/-XmvqPl571Ak/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/mMm0Tpd90kU/s900-c-k-no-mo-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg",Mirror Now
http://mbnowweb-lh.akamaihd.net/i/MRN_1@346545/index_576_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",NDTV
https://ndtvindiaelemarchana.akamaized.net//hls//live//2003679//ndtvindia//ndtvindiamaster.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pQ7nl12.png",NDTV Profit
https://ndtvprofitelemarchana.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003680/ndtvprofit/ndtvprofitmaster.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",NEWS 24
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/news24-origin/liveabr/news24-origin/live2/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Assam
https://news18assam-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18assamne_1@526575/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Chhattisgarh
https://news18mp-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18mpcg_1@175737/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Gujarati
https://news18gujarati-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18gujarat_1@370955/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Hindi
https://news18india-lh.akamaihd.net/i/news18india_1@174951/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Jharkhand
https://news18bihar-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18biharjh_1@175736/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://static.kannada.news18.com/kannada/uploads/2020/03/Kannada1.png",ನ್ಯೂಸ್ ೧೮ ಕನ್ನಡ News 18
https://news18kannada-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18kannada_1@372918/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D9lMLmX.png",News 18 Malayalam
https://news18kerala-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18kerala_1@526583/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Rajasthan
https://news18rajasthan-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18raj_1@175738/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Tamil
https://news18tamil-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18tamil_1@526595/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News",News 18 Urdu
https://news18urdu-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18urdu_1@373059/index_4_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",PUNJAB TV
http://158.69.124.9:1935/5aabtv/5aabtv/chunklist_w642807911.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment;Undefined" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/PRIMECANADA.png",Prime Canada TV
http://cdn27.live247stream.com/primecanada/247/primecanada/stream1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FigDbPo.png",SD Media
http://7starcloud.com:1935/sd/sdmedia/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined",SHEMARRO KIDS
https://livechannel.shemaroome.com/linearplayout/kids-linear-channel/chunklist_640x360_cf.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/suvarna_news_in.png",Suvarna News 24×7
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/suvarna-origin/liveabr/suvarna-origin/live1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/suvarna_news_in.png",Suvarna News 24×7
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/suvarna-origin/liveabr/suvarna-origin/live1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat-logo.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-9-telugu-in.png",TV9 News (HD / తెలుగు)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/tv9telugu-origin/live/tv9telugu-origin/live1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Undefined" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/rsz_tamil_vision_international1.jpg",Tamil Vision TV
http://live.tamilvision.tv:8081/TVI/SD/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/4123.png",Thanthi TV
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/thanthi-origin/liveabr/thanthi-origin/live1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="http://mhdtvworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/4123.png",Thanthi TV
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/thanthi-origin/liveabr/thanthi-origin/live1/playlist.m3u8
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5597
#EXTINF:-1,9XM IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/4009
#EXTINF:-1,& Pictures IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10622
#EXTINF:-1,9X Tashan IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10617
#EXTINF:-1,NDTV 24x7 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/4008
#EXTINF:-1,ABP News IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3998
#EXTINF:-1,Asianet Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5577
#EXTINF:-1,Asianet News IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5578
#EXTINF:-1,Asianet Plus IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5576
#EXTINF:-1,Anand IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10595
#EXTINF:-1,Aaj Tak News IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/11294
#EXTINF:-1,Aastha TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/11297
#EXTINF:-1,B4U Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672302
#EXTINF:-1,B4U Music IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3993
#EXTINF:-1,B4u+ IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672304
#EXTINF:-1,B4u kadak IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672305
#EXTINF:-1,ATN Bangla IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10610
#EXTINF:-1,Movie Bangla IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10613
#EXTINF:-1,Bollywood Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/4007
#EXTINF:-1,Chardikla Time TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5563
#EXTINF:-1,Colors [UK] FHD VIP IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672308
#EXTINF:-1,Colors HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/651513
#EXTINF:-1,Colors [B] HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5579
#EXTINF:-1,Desi Channel Punjabi IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/4005
#EXTINF:-1,Deepto IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10624
#EXTINF:-1,Dhoom Music IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10599
#EXTINF:-1,India Today IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5561
#EXTINF:-1,India TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5562
#EXTINF:-1,Independent TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10600
#EXTINF:-1,Jaya Max USA IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5582
#EXTINF:-1,Jaya Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5581
#EXTINF:-1,Jaya Plus IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5580
#EXTINF:-1,Jamuna TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10601
#EXTINF:-1,Jaya TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5583
#EXTINF:-1,KTV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5560
#EXTINF:-1,Living Foodz IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10612
#EXTINF:-1,MTV India IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5556
#EXTINF:-1,M Tunes IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5584
#EXTINF:-1,Maa Gold IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5586
#EXTINF:-1,Maa Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5585
#EXTINF:-1,Movies OK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5558
#EXTINF:-1,MTV Beats IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5557
#EXTINF:-1,Mohona TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10587
#EXTINF:-1,NTV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10602
#EXTINF:-1,NTV Europe IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10603
#EXTINF:-1,NDTV 24x7 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/19491
#EXTINF:-1,NTV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10589
#EXTINF:-1,PTC Chakde IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5553
#EXTINF:-1,PTC News Punjabi IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5555
#EXTINF:-1,PTC Punjabi Gold IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5554
#EXTINF:-1,Raj Digital Plus IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5551
#EXTINF:-1,Raj Musix IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5550
#EXTINF:-1,Raj News 24x7 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5549
#EXTINF:-1,Raj TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5552
#EXTINF:-1,Rishtey Color IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/11295
#EXTINF:-1,Rishtey Europe IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/11296
#EXTINF:-1,RTV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10626
#EXTINF:-1,Santhora TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5564
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Saab FHD VIP IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672322
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Saab TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3987
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Sab (UK) IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672323
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Set Max FHD IN VIP
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672324
#EXTINF:-1,Sony MIX HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3988
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Max IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3990
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Max 2 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3989
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Max UK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672321
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Pix HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10607
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Pix IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10606
#EXTINF:-1,Sony [UK] HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10609
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Six HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3985
#EXTINF:-1,Sony HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5574
#EXTINF:-1,Sony TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3984
#EXTINF:-1,Sony TV UK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/13175
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Six IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5548
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Ten 1 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672325
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Ten 2 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672444
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Ten 3 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672445
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Waha FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672446
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Pal FHD VIP IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/676908
#EXTINF:-1,Star Plus HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672450
#EXTINF:-1,Star Plus [UK] IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/13174
#EXTINF:-1,Star Gold HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3983
#EXTINF:-1,Star Jalsha IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3982
#EXTINF:-1,Star Movies HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3981
#EXTINF:-1,Star Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672448
#EXTINF:-1,Star Sports 1 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3979
#EXTINF:-1,Star Sports 2 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/397844
#EXTINF:-1,Star Sports 3 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3977
#EXTINF:-1,Star Bharat IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5544
#EXTINF:-1,Star Bharat (UK) IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672447
#EXTINF:-1,Star Vijay IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5545
#EXTINF:-1,Sun Music IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3975
#EXTINF:-1,Sun TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3974
#EXTINF:-1,Sun TV [US] IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3973
#EXTINF:-1,Somoy News TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10605
#EXTINF:-1,Ten 1 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3972
#EXTINF:-1,Ten 2 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5589
#EXTINF:-1,Ten 3 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5590
#EXTINF:-1,Ten Sports IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10608
#EXTINF:-1,UTV Movies HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5542
#EXTINF:-1,UTV Movies US IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10615
#EXTINF:-1,UTV Bindas IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5541
#EXTINF:-1,Willow IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10631
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/4002
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3967
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3968
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema (USA) IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672452
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema Inter IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/4001
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Action HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3971
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Anmol Cinema IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/3970
#EXTINF:-1,Zee TV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672459
#EXTINF:-1,Zee TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/4000
#EXTINF:-1,Zee TV US HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/20912
#EXTINF:-1,Zee TV UK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672458
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Bangla IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5592
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Business IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5570
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Bollywood IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5565
#EXTINF:-1,Zee ETC Bollywood IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5539
#EXTINF:-1,Zee News IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672455
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Punjabi IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5571
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Telugu IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5593
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Alwan IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/10630
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Living HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672453
#EXTINF:-1,ZEE living (USA) IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672454
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Rajasthan HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672456
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Theatre HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672457
#EXTINF:-1,Zing IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5596
#EXTINF:-1,Zing UK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5595
#EXTINF:-1,Zoom IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/5538
#EXTINF:-1,MTA 3 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/624945
#EXTINF:-1,&TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672296
#EXTINF:-1,1st India News HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672297
#EXTINF:-1,9XM Musci IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672298
#EXTINF:-1,Aastha TV [UK] IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672299
#EXTINF:-1,Animal Planet IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672301
#EXTINF:-1,CNBC TV 18 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672306
#EXTINF:-1,DD National IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672310
#EXTINF:-1,Epic HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672313
#EXTINF:-1,Food Food HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672314
#EXTINF:-1,Nazrana Music HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672317
#EXTINF:-1,NDTV News HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672318
#EXTINF:-1,NDTV Profit IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672319
#EXTINF:-1,POP Music HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672320
#EXTINF:-1,TLC IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/672451
#EXTINF:-1,Vision Punjab TV FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/676906
#EXTINF:-1,Sahara Filmy IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/676909
#EXTINF:-1,Sanskar TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690413
#EXTINF:-1,Zee 24 Kalak IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690415
#EXTINF:-1,Colors Gujarati SD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690416
#EXTINF:-1,DD Girnar IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690417
#EXTINF:-1,Sandesh News FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690418
#EXTINF:-1,ABP Asmita FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690419
#EXTINF:-1,Kalupur Mandir HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690420
#EXTINF:-1,CNBC Bajar IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690421
#EXTINF:-1,GS TV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/6yj7l2hyc/btl4go811p/690422

#EXTM3U

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="14020" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/14020/1000x1000_9dd88de4-18ab-493b-98fe-6eb27e9cbf5e.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Sun TV HD
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=14020&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9013" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9013/1000x1000_ff49d176-a9d2-4f50-b6bc-a10caac8d3a5.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Sun Music HD
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9013&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="38926" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/38926/1000x1000_SunNews_38926_5921657d-45b6-445e-9e26-f0cd67be9d39.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Sun News
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=38926&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="75117" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/75117/200x200_4b19b530-f0bb-4b26-a9de-f3cdd5f8be20.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Sun Bangla
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=75117&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9016" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9016/1000x1000_4522d18b-56cc-42be-8365-c54e21a6e394.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Sun TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9016&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26569" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26569/1000x1000_SunLife_26569_1e6604fc-2df9-4598-8f1c-dcbda46254ab.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Sun Life
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26569&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9025" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9025/1000x1000_c8897f06-b2c0-4856-9d81-02181b821cf7.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Sun Music
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9025&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="14019" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/14019/1000x1000_72a28627-db58-4739-b61c-4e4208897aed.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Gemini TV HD
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=14019&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26570" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26570/1000x1000_285efca5-02f3-40a1-8f8c-d913e8f6b989.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Gemini Movies HD
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26570&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26568" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26568/1000x1000_eaa4e437-cce0-4411-8e46-13640be94c55.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Gemini Music HD
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26568&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9026" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9026/1000x1000_4cca05ef-46eb-4076-af6b-a8fdc1b88a27.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Gemini Music
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9026&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9015" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9015/1000x1000_a4023b29-e49b-4c98-9621-95b7e5c39a19.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Gemini Movies
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9015&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26572" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26572/1000x1000_da07159f-fa9c-45d0-beb2-685bedc12e33.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Gemini Life
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26572&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9027" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9027/1000x1000_5cb5b903-f1a0-4590-bb90-8cfa529322e2.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Gemini Comedy
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9027&e=&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9017" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9017/1000x1000_66d46fd1-643f-429f-9e19-db603fa0e5e4.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Gemini TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9017&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="30846" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/30846/1000x1000_efb20223-e677-49fd-985e-806e7b162c6b.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Udaya TV HD
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=30846&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9029" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9029/1000x1000_9f0bcf68-5025-43af-8e60-b83fea67215c.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Udaya TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9029&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9022" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9022/1000x1000_d85b4dcc-ad0c-4a5b-84fd-6dd91dc585e2.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Udaya Music
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9022&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26576" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26576/1000x1000_4ad767d2-e5d7-45f2-a95a-ab99f56cc2bf.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Udaya Movies
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26576&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9014" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9014/1000x1000_8a47fe5c-81a8-42a4-8a05-f168e6a3c868.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Udaya Comedy
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9027&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26574" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26574/1000x1000_6ed3be47-b8bf-45ee-adf1-fb5ae9621e08.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Surya TV HD
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26574&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9018" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9018/1000x1000_c10cc678-9321-43f8-b717-16fa7913a6ba.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Surya TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9018&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="30835" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/30835/1000x1000_143a4af4-2f02-4c9c-814b-af149e6a5a95.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Surya Comedy
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=30835&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26575" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26575/1000x1000_a73efcfb-e350-491c-94e0-bd75f0d9d5f2.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Surya Music
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26575&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9019" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9019/1000x1000_71ddcc0b-16e7-48e9-9998-aa023200f4bc.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Surya Movies
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9019&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26566" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26566/1000x1000_45814266-8c8b-45c6-a801-643e6734f73d.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",KTV HD
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26566&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="32138" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/32138/1000x1000_84b30aac-654e-4dd5-b5ee-bd8204254735.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",KTV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=32138&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26577" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26577/1000x1000_4a0f4f2f-e317-4230-9fb6-6169ef66991d.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Chintu TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26577&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26571" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26571/1000x1000_d0545f75-f99b-4375-8f42-6120c95fc55c.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Kushi TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26571&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26573" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26573/1000x1000_5787336f-08b9-480f-9c97-3db09999b558.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Kochu TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26573&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26567" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26567/1000x1000_c103e59e-217e-44fd-a087-651fcf8e6278.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Chutti TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=26567&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9023" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9023/1000x1000_30878292-a63e-4414-acbc-902c0afb4b9b.jpg" group-title="Sneh SunNXT",Adithya TV
http://139.59.55.243/sunnxt/live.php?c=9023&e=.m3u8
#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",YOGAA TV
http://live.singamcloud.in:1935/yogaatv/yogaatv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",SAI TV
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/SAITVMD/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",PC TV
http://pctv.livebox.co.in/pctvhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",MY TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/mytvkl/mytvkl/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",V TV
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/VTV/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",VINMEEN TV
http://vinmeentv.livebox.co.in/vinmeentvhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",SURYA TV
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/suryatv/mystream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",ARUL TV
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/ARULTV/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",JM TV
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/JMTV/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",EZHIL TV
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/EZHILTV/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",PSALM TV
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/PSALMTV/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",PHOENIX TV
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/PHOENIXTV/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",ANNAI TV
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/ANNAITV/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",POP TV
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/harimedia/poptv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",TAMIL STAR TV
http://stream.singamcloud.in:1935/tamilstartv/tamilstartv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",LIFE TV
http://lifetv.livebox.co.in/lifetvhls/lifetv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",TAMIL LIFE TV
http://lifetv.livebox.co.in/lifetvtamilhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",ARK TV
http://mediastreamer.7starcloud.com:1935/arktv/arktv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",POLIMER TV
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/polimer/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",ASHOKA TV
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/ashoka/channel/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",CTN LIVE
http://bmlive.net:8000/ctn/ctn/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",LOTUS TV
http://7starcloud.com:1935/lotustv/lotustv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",NEWS PLUS
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/newsplus/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",7STAR2
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/live/7star2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",OSAI TV
http://osaitv.livebox.co.in/osaihls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",TAMIL BLESSING TV
http://199.168.96.106:1935/blessingtv-tamillive/mystream/chunklist_w794457741.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",DD SPORTS
http://103.199.161.254/Content/ddsports/Live/Channel(DDSPORTS)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",ETN TV
https://etnowweblive-lh.akamaihd.net/i/ETN_1@348070/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",IBC CANADA
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Canada/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",MARCHANA TV
https://ndtv24x7elemarchana.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003678/ndtv24x7/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",NEEM TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/NEEMTv/neemlivetv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",TAMIL NEWS7
http://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/tamilnews7.smil/chunklist_b1000000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",POLIMER NEWS
http://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/polimernews.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",PHUTHIYATHA TV
http://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com:80/versewsa/live/puthiyathalaimurai.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",12 LIVE
http://account12.livebox.co.in/ntvhls/ntv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",HARI MEDIA
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/harimedia/live5/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",SANA TV
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/sanatv/sanatv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",SANTHORA FILM
http://rtmp.santhoratv.zecast.net/santhora/santhorashortfilm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",TAMIL VISION
http://live.tamilvision.tv:8081/TVI/SD/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh@TAMIL=TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSneh.png",VASHAN TV
http://vasanth.live-s.cdn.bitgravity.com/cdn-live/_definst_/vasanth/secure/live/feed01/playlist.m3u8?e=0&h=54e44f64b2e6d5122acdf77d01ab7f9f
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/Madha_TV-black.png",Madha TV
http://103.109.45.5:1935/madhatv/madhatv.stream_HDp/chunklist_w67072347.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://www.blessingtv.tv/images/all_images/14579702231.png",Aasirvadham TV
http://199.168.96.106:1935/blessingtv-tamillive/mystream/chunklist_w365086533.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://mycapitaltv.com/images/Musiclogo.gif",Capital Music
http://89.187.162.89/Capital_Music/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://mycapitaltv.com/images/bv05892.gif",Capital News
http://89.187.162.89/Capital_NEWS/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://mycapitaltv.com/images/Tharisanamlogo.gif",Capital Tharisanam
http://89.187.162.89/Capital_Tharisanam/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://dantv.tv/images/dan-003.jpg",YARL TV
http://askmedia.livebox.co.in/YarlTVhls/10.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Akaram Gallata TV
http://akaram.zecast.net/akaram-live/ngrp:akaramgalatta1_all/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Akaram Mix TV
http://akaram.zecast.net/akaram-live/ngrp:akarammix1_all/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Nethra TV
http://dammikartmp.tulix.tv/slrc3/slrc3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/murasu-black.png",Murasu TV
http://103.199.160.85/Content/kalaignarmurasu/Live/Channel(KalaignarMurasu)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",IBC Tamil
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Tamil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Jaya Movies
https://catchup.yuppcdn.net/amazonv2/20/preview/jayamovies/master/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Kalingar Chithiram
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kalaignarchittiram/Live/Channel(KalaignarChittiram)/Stream(01)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Isai Aruvi
http://103.199.161.254/Content/isaiaruvi/Live/Channel(IsaiAruvi)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",makkal
http://5k8q87azdy4v-hls-live.wmncdn.net/MAKKAL/271ddf829afeece44d8732757fba1a66.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Kalaingar Tv
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kalaignartv/Live/Channel(KalaignarTV)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Captain
http://103.199.160.85/Content/captain/Live/Channel(Captain)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Makkal
https://5k8q87azdy4v-hls-live.wmncdn.net/MAKKAL/271ddf829afeece44d8732757fba1a66.sdp/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Raj
http://103.199.161.254/Content/rajtv/Live/Channel(RajTV)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil" tvg-logo="N/A",Puthuyugam
http://103.199.160.85/Content/puthuyugam/Live/Channel(Puthuyugam)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International; Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://secureservercdn.net/192.169.221.188/108.2ed.myftpupload.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/montamilwhite_599x98v1.png",Mon tamil tv
http://198.144.149.82:8080/MONTAMIL_CINEMA/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International; Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/d3/TVI_HD_logo.png/150px-TVI_HD_logo.png",Tamil Vision
http://live.tamilvision.tv:8081/TVI/HD/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Comedy" tvg-logo="https://assets.zoftcdn.com/branding/ibctv/ibc-pagadi.png",IBC Pagadi
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Pakidi/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Devotional" tvg-logo="http://sivantv.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/Logo-site.png",Sivan Tv
http://sivantv.livebox.co.in/sivantvhls/sivan.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Devotional" tvg-logo="https://assets.ibcstack.com/web/img/services/bakthi.png",IBC Bakthi
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Bhakthi/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Devotional" tvg-logo="http://www.mycapitaltv.com/images/Tharisanamlogo.gif",Capital Dharisanam
http://89.187.162.89/Capital_Tharisanam/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://www.mycapitaltv.com/images/CapitalTVlogo.gif",Capital Tv
http://89.187.162.89/Capital_TV-LIVE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://assets.zoftcdn.com/branding/ibctv/ibc-tamil-black.png",IBC TAMIL
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Tamil/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://s3.amazonaws.com/playstore/images/814cf36cf2dca5a19a57b32c771e611e",IBC TAMIL Canada
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Canada/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://analaiexpress.ca/wp-content/themes/aenew/assets/images/logo.png",Analai express tv
http://198.144.149.82:8080/ANALAI_MOVIE/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Kids" tvg-logo="https://assets.ibcstack.com/web/img/services/kids.png",IBC KIDS
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Kids/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Music" tvg-logo="http://www.mycapitaltv.com/images/Musiclogo.gif",Capital Music
http://89.187.162.89/Capital_Music/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Music" tvg-logo="http://santhora.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/header-logo-anim.gif",Santhora TV
http://rtmp.santhoratv.zecast.net/santhoratv/santhoratv/chunklist_w1802293946.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;News" tvg-logo="http://www.mycapitaltv.com/images/bv05892.gif",Capital News
http://89.187.162.89/Capital_NEWS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Devotional" tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/3K5Cs3r8X9Zz96EC9Uue5FjwxlujLw3K780jYqr-bM8fRbbEac8onhtwVfB4rrqhXtaKPQ1dvszJxL0=w960-h960-n-o-v1",Laxmi Tv
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/LAXMITV/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Education" tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QLDrZgUny2K79s3HLhonNJvkYtIuce_JAlO2zrDsnil5GbDYo4qRP2achR4mSr3DPIgl",Kalvi Cholai
http://nextgeninfotech.ddns.net:8080/kalvisolai/kalvisolai.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/Xv0tyJmw/newcanvas-1619840386422.png",Wins Tv(Madura Tv)
http://bmlive.net:8000/WINS/winstv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/xdvhGzz0/IMG-20210501-125713.png",SMCV
http://singamcloud.in:1935/smcvtv/smcvtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://content3.jdmagicbox.com/comp/thoothukudi/x7/9999px461.x461.171230025350.z5x7/catalogue/abinaya-tv-eral-thoothukudi-tv-dealers-glypt4le1n-250.jpg",Abinaya HD
http://singamcloud.in:1935/purpletv/purpletv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/D0YtWc3Z/Screenshot-2021-04-28-22-09-18-913-org-videolan-vlc-1619628396155.png",D Jeyam tv
http://account26.livebox.co.in/Jeyamcabletvhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/CgvOoJ4ewOfDSZi8OHbmkX6Ucxoqjt70abOuxNN1uPh3uvKnvuEhBOoZXjcCCRWOcq3J=s180-rw",Kanchi tv
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/KANCHITV/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/VX7Zdy78EnY5411KHSUhmgkOONWipnMJK6qMu4Ku82mICSOxGHtkZkccs0eRa7PqsO0=s180-rw",JAWAHAR TV
http://streamingbox.7starcloud.com:1935/jawahartv/streamingbox/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/m0axMB9eZKt93L-twW_Tsl-F0S6_CP62DxHUW-nRe6toU-N8cAvPj2B1faU4ZeJyVDg=s180-rw",Jeyam Plus
http://198.144.149.82:8080/NOTV/JEYAMTVPLUS/index.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnj_8o0ceu3UGuWETkKXwANutQ0uvGq6oMx7wE4lyw=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",CTN
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/ctn/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/sr5-6eljq5LvnXBQt1maEBiDI0Batwfo1PSMJ7GnmM-KxzOGRvER-5CF-wvuDZrIGdMV=s180-rw",NTv Trichy
http://185.105.4.244:1935/live/ntv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/jdGJPwT3/Rasi-Lifestyle.png",Rasi Lifestyle
http://singamcloud.in:1935/rasinetwork/cookings/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Music" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/N0qv7b92/Screenshot-2021-04-28-14-38-57-046-org-videolan-vlc-1619601997394.png",Isai Saral
http://bmlive.net:8000/srmusix/srmusix/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Music" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/nz3JrNxx/sana.png",Sana Plus
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/live/sanatv2/chunklist_w1956626303.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Music" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/1tLbc03j/Screenshot-2021-05-26-08-06-06-167-com-singamcloud-cloudtamil-1622185986915.png",Sachin Music
http://singamcloud.in:1935/sachinmusichd/sachinmusichd/chunklist_w1452161127.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil News" tvg-logo="N/A",News 18 Tamil
http://news18tamil-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18tamil_1@526595/index_5_av-p.m3u8?sd=10&rebase=on
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Devotional" tvg-logo="http://d3jnkp3lrs2hd5.cloudfront.net/images/320x180/b46dfdf9-dfcd-4c14-8bb4-f0fb62e1f7a3.jpg",Swasthik Tv
http://swasthiktv.chennaistream.net/swasthiktv/swasthiktvlive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Devotional" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnj5Bdc5vIUx4t7cicpac5Mao9LqGOU2N1uRZF93=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",Sai TV
https://streaming37.worldbbtv.com/hls/saitv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Devotional" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/ac/SVBC_2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/280?cb=20190318130356",Svbc 2
http://player.mslivestream.net/tamil/ac206e74d75b285755ee4924df87d951.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/8/82/Polimer-TV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20191224100831",Polimer
http://103.199.160.85/Content/polimer/Live/Channel(Polimer)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/7/72/MKTV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20191225171218",MK TV
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktv/Live/Channel(MKTV)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwng39Lc9lp50XhGc3zlZAryo9__95auw2qKHSFkZ_g=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",Moon TV
http://player.mslivestream.net/mslive/e10bb900976df9177b9a080314f26f86.sdp/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-QPKrFqicxRg/UJ9Yua4Y2hI/AAAAAAAAAS4/f7l6H4MZh2k/s320/tamilantv-logo.gif",Tamilan
http://media.akamaicdn.us:1935/tamilan/tamilan/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YeR3mm9.png",Velicham TV
https://rtmp.smartstream.video/velichamtv/velichamtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Music" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1173895090240020480/ms52tzxE_400x400.jpg",Sun Music HD Low Quality
http://uk1.zecast.com:1935/star-live/smusic/chunklist_w2139407510.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Music" tvg-logo="https://j2apps.s.llnwi.net/isa1/pic/1493.7SMusic.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1552384462173.jpg",7sMusic
http://103.199.161.254/Content/7smusic/Live/Channel(7smusic)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Music" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/mk_tv_in_tunes.png",MK Tunes
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktunes/Live/Channel(MKTunes)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Music" tvg-logo="https://assets.zoftcdn.com/branding/ibctv/ibc-music.png",IBC ISAI
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Isai/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;News" tvg-logo="http://www.puthiyathalaimurai.com/assets/puthiyathalaimurai-logo.webp",Puthiya  Thalaimurai
http://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/puthiyathalaimurai.smil/chunklist_b1800000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;News" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/7/7e/News_J.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20191226093118",News J
http://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/amlst:newsj_,b1024,b1824,.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Radio" tvg-logo="http://www.hello.fm/images/logo2.png",Hello FM
https://livessl.rcast.net/stream/66462.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Radio" tvg-logo="https://scontent.fmaa2-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.6435-9/85242851_2563286400596885_46584886034694144_n.png?_nc_cat=111&ccb=1-3&_nc_sid=174925&_nc_ohc=YsRIdQIOyo8AX87TKEM&_nc_ht=scontent.fmaa2-2.fna&oh=86e2477fdd4af491a214a6f69b6177fb&oe=60DAFA17",Panbalai Tamil FM
http://212.83.138.48:8251/stream.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Radio" tvg-logo="https://scontent.fmaa2-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.6435-9/117645576_2654684681444779_7441330904512328234_n.png?_nc_cat=111&ccb=1-3&_nc_sid=09cbfe&_nc_ohc=m2LixxMCNOMAX-hyYUr&_nc_ht=scontent.fmaa2-2.fna&oh=bb41d99892fb3de8a90b64856eec2073&oe=60DE4FF9",Covai Tamil FM
http://node-32.zeno.fm/kzd2e3tx24zuv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Urdu" tvg-logo="N/A",ETV Urdu
https://etv-urdu.akamaized.net/i/etv_urdu_live_1@373059/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="မြန်မာ" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",mntv (မြန်မာ)
http://l1-xl1.myanmarnet.com/relay/mntv/ch1/stream.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="မြန်မာ" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",MWD (မြန်မာ)
http://203.81.84.130/hls/mwd/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="မြန်မာ" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",MWD Movie HD  (မြန်မာ)
http://203.81.84.130/hls/mwd_serie/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="မြန်မာ" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",MWD Serie HD (မြန်မာ)
http://203.81.84.130/hls/mwd_movie/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="မြန်မာ" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",MWD Variety (မြန်မာ)
http://203.81.84.130/hls/mwd_variety/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="မြန်မာ" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",MWD Docmen HD (မြန်မာ)
http://203.81.84.130/hls/mwd_document/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="မြန်မာ" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",MWD Shopping HD (မြန်မာ)
http://203.81.84.130/hls/mwd_shopping/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="မြန်မာ" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",MWD Family HD (မြန်မာ)
http://203.81.84.130/hls/mwd_family/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616159247_icon.png",SINGAM TV
http://singamcloud.in:1935/singamtv/singamtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Satellite Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622187910_yupp.png",Yupp  thirai
http://119.81.82.28/encoded/yuppthirai_800/chunklist_w298926395.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616305845_hari tv.png",Hari Tv
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/harimedia/haritv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Education" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616305553_kalvi tv.png",Kalvi Tv
http://198.144.149.82:8080/KALVI_GR10/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=GTR
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1618489114_sai tv.png",SAI TV
http://live.singamcloud.in:1935/saitvtvl/saitvtvl/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Sports" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616435679_DD sports.png",DD SPORTS
http://103.199.161.254/Content/ddsports/Live/Channel(DDSPORTS)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Satellite Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616435069_puthugam.png",Puthuyugam TV
http://103.199.160.85/Content/puthuyugam/Live/Channel(Puthuyugam)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Satellite Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616432007_mk six.png",MK SIX
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktv6/Live/Channel(MKTV6)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL International" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616431687_IBC PAKADI.png",IBC Pagadi
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Pakidi/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Religion Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616431568_IBC siluvai.png",IBC Siluvai
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Siluvai/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Music" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616431447_IBC isai.png",IBC ISAI
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Isai/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Religion Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616431352_IBC paki.png",IBC Bakthi
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Bhakthi/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616333373_kpr tv.png",KRP TV
http://live.singamcloud.in:1935/krptv/krptv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Religion Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616323761_jcmusic.png",JC Music
http://stream.singamcloud.in:1935/jcmusic/jcmusic/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Religion Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616323646_jctv.png",JC TV
http://stream.singamcloud.in:1935/jctv/jctv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Religion Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616322191_jtk.png",JTK TV
http://stream.singamcloud.in:1935/jtktv/jtktv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616321908_maa tv copy.png",Maa TV
http://live.singamcloud.in:1935/maatv/maatv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616321696_izzath.png",IZZATH TV
http://stream.singamcloud.in:1935/izzathtv/izzathtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Religion Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616321229_my jesus.png",My jesus TV
http://stream.singamcloud.in:1935/myjesustv/myjesustv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616320869_anu tv.png",Anu TV
http://live.singamcloud.in:1935/anutv/anutv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616319955_kirshna media.png",Krishna Media
http://stream.singamcloud.in:1935/krishnamedia/krishnamedia/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL News" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616305109_puthiya.png",Puthiyathalimurai NEWS
http://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/puthiyathalaimurai.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL News" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616305399_news j.png",NEWS J
http://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/amlst:newsj_,b256,b512,b1024,b1824,.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL International" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622898474_IMG_20210605_183550.jpg",KBO TAMIL
https://catchup.yuppcdn.net/amazonv2/20/preview/kbo/master/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL International" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622898529_IMG_20210605_183607.jpg",KBO classic tamil
https://catchup.yuppcdn.net/amazonv2/20/preview/kboclassic/master/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622645536_IMG_20210602_201956.jpg",TCV
https://stream.ufworldind.in/tcv/tcv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622638042_news18.png",News 18 Malayalam
https://news18kerala-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18kerala_1@526583/index_4_av-p.m3u8?sd=10&rebase=on
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622286807_Kaumudy TV.png",Kaumudy
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kasthuritv/Live/Channel(KasthuriTV)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622286601_kappa.png",Kappa TV
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kappa/Live/Channel(Kappa)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622285815_mano.png",Manorama News
http://103.199.161.254/Content/manoramanews/Live/Channel(ManoramaNews)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622285594_Kairali.png",Kairali
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kairali/Live/Channel(Kairali)/Stream(01)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622285476_Jaihind TV.png",Jaihind TV
http://103.199.161.254/Content/jaihind/Live/Channel(Jaihind)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622285264_Flowers TV.png",Flowers TV
http://103.199.161.254/Content/flowers/Live/Channel(Flowers)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622284783_Nvision.png",Nvision
http://live.singamcloud.in:1935/nvision/nvision/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622284673_janam tv copy.png",Jeevan tv
http://103.199.161.254/Content/jeevan/Live/Channel(Jeevan)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622284492_Amrita TV.png",Amrita TV
http://103.199.161.254/Content/amrita/Live/Channel(Amrita)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622284368_ASINET.png",Asianet NEWS
http://103.199.161.254/Content/asianetnews/Live/Channel(Asianetnews)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Satellite Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622225613_IMG_20210528_234254.jpg",Polimer Tv
https://catchup.yuppcdn.net/amazonv2/20/preview/polimertv/master/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Music" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622186279_sun music.png",Sun Music
http://uk1.zecast.com:1935/star-live/smusic/chunklist_w1365562027.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Religion Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622178343_newlife tv.png",newlifetv
http://singamcloud.in:1935/newlifetv/newlifetv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL Music" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622178257_satchin.png",Sachin Music HD
http://singamcloud.in:1935/sachinmusichd/sachinmusichd/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL International" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622176085_tvi hd.png",TVI HD
http://live.tamilvision.tv:8081/TVI/SD/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="CLOUD TAMIL SNEH" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622175914_MN tv.png",MN TV
https://mntv.livebox.co.in/mntvhls/mntv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL Satellite Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616435365_makkal tv.png",MAKKAL TV
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0211.MakkalTV.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL Satellite Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616435259_DD pothigai.png",DD Podhigai
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0250.DDPodhigai.in_360p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL Music" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616433820_tune 6.png",TUNE 6
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/3731.Tunes6.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL Satellite Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616433745_venthar.png",VENDHAR TV
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7077.VendarTV.in_288p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL Satellite Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616433438_capten.png",CAPTAIN TV
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0680.CaptainTV.in_288p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL News" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1616307129_thanthi tv.png",Thanthi TV
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/thanthi-origin/liveabr/thanthi-origin/live1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL Malayalam Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622284191_janam tv copy.png",janam tv
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/janamtv-origin/liveabr/janamtv-origin/live2/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL Religion Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622283345_nambikkai.png",Nambikkai TV
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/4154.NambikkaiTV.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh CLOUD TAMIL KIDS Channel" tvg-logo="https://singamcloud.com/tv/upload/1622189968_tiji tv.png",TIJI kids
https://shls-tiji-tv-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/ee05878a88474f408ff04495d44cc249/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://mycapitaltv.com/images/CapitalTVlogo.gif",Capital TV
http://89.187.162.89/Capital_TV-LIVE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://dantv.tv/images/dan-010.jpg",DAN MUSIC HD
https://askmedia.livebox.co.in/DanMusichls/2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://dantv.tv/images/dan-comedy-logo-01.jpg",DAN COMEDY HD
https://askmedia.livebox.co.in/DanComodyhls/9.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://dantv.tv/images/dan-004.jpg",KALVI TV
https://askmedia.livebox.co.in/KalviTVhls/5.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://dantv.tv/images/dan-005.jpg",OHM TV
https://askmedia.livebox.co.in/OHMTVhls/7.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://dantv.tv/images/dan-006.jpg",HOLY MARY
https://askmedia.livebox.co.in/Holymaryhls/4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SRIFlix | Tamil" tvg-logo="http://dantv.tv/images/dan-007.jpg",PIRAI TELEVISION
https://askmedia.livebox.co.in/PiraiTVhls/6.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/53/Etv_Bala_Bharat_Tamil.jpg",
https://dftkpvamsm0r1.cloudfront.net/out/v1/ee7ba7ef70fc4005a3992a2c0e8336aa/ETVB_CF_TN_NewsTime.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",SPORTS_STAR_SPORTS_1
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=1256
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_COLORS_CINEPLEX
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=1250
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",STAR_SPORT_SELECT_1
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=1257
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",STAR_SPORT_SELECT_2
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=1258
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",SPORT_WILLOW_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=1259
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",SPORT_WILLOW_HD_2
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=1260
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",UK_SKY_SPORTS_CRICKET
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=1261
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",SPORTS_STAR_SPORTS_2
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=1262
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_HISTORY_TV_18_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126671
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",SPORTS_WILLOW_EXTRA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126673
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",SPORT_WILLOW_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126674
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",SPORT_WILLOW_HD_2
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126675
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",IND_SONY_ESPN_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126678
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",IND_TEN_1_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126679
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",IND_TEN_CRICKET
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126680
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",SPORTS_STAR_SPORTS_2
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126682
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",STAR_SPORT_SELECT_1
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126683
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",UR_PTV_SPORTS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126685
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",ENG_CAN_CP24
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126687
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",ENG_ESPN_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126688
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_PPV1
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126690
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_01
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126691
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_02
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126692
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_03
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126693
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_04
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126694
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_05
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126695
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_06
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126696
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_07
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126697
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_08
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126698
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",OLD_INDIA_CINEMA_02
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126700
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_DD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126701
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_DD_MP
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126702
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MUSIC_VIDEO
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126703
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_JIO_FILMFARE_AWARDS_2017
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126704
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_KOFFEE_WITH_KARAN
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126705
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_BABA_RAMDEV_YOGA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126706
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_MAHABHARAT_KATHA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126708
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_The_Kapil_Sharma_E1_E20
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126709
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_The_Kapil_Sharma_E21_E40
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126710
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_The_Kapil_Sharma_E41_E60
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126711
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_The_Kapil_Sharma_E61_E75
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126712
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_The_Kapil_Sharma_latest
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126713
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_D2H_CINEMA_24
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126714
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TTT
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126715
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_ONE_MOVIES_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126717
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CLASSIC_MOVIES_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126718
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MOVIES_1_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126719
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MOVIES_2_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126720
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_TV_CANADA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126721
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AND_TV_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126722
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_CINEMA_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126723
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_CINEMA_HD_ASIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126724
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AND_PICTURES_4K_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126725
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AND_PICTURES_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126726
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_TV_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126727
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126728
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_PLUS_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126729
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",AAPKA_COLORS_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126730
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_BHARAT_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126731
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_RISHTEY_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126732
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SAB_TV_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126734
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_CLASSIC
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126735
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_GOLD_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126736
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_B4U_MOVIES_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126737
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AAJ_TAK_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126738
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SAMAY
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126739
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DELHI_AAJ_TAK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126740
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_TIMES_NOW
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126741
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_INDIA_TODAY
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126742
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NDTV_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126743
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NDTV_24X7
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126744
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_FOOD_FOOD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126745
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AND_XPLOR_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126746
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_TRAVEL_XP_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126747
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEPLEX_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126748
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_UTV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126749
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DIVYA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126750
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AASTHA_TV_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126751
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AASTHA_BHAJAN
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126752
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SANSKAR_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126753
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_INDIA_TV_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126754
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ABP_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126755
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_TEZ_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126756
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SAHARA_NCR_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126757
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_BUSINESS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126758
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_9X_JALWA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126759
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MTV_BEATS_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126760
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MTV_PLUS_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126761
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_B4U_MUSIC_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126762
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_B4U_MUSIC_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126763
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MUSIC_MASTIII
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126764
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ET_NOW
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126765
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SADHNA_CHANNEL
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126766
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_PAL
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126767
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NEWS_24
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126768
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SATSANG_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126769
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HIN_NEWS_18
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126770
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_WAH
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126771
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_TV_ASIA_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126772
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_COLORS_CINEPLEX
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126773
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_CAFE
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126774
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AND_FLIX
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126775
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZOOM_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126776
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_COLORS_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126777
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_PRIME_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126778
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126780
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ARIHANT
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126783
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SAB_TV_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126784
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126785
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_PLUS_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126786
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_PIX_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126788
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_PLUS_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126789
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_CINEMA_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126791
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZING_TV_US
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126792
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZING_TV_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126793
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_ANMOL_CINEMA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126794
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_ACTION
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126795
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_CINEMA_AUS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126796
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_CINEMA_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126797
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_BOLLYWOOD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126798
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_MAX_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126799
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_ETC_AUS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126801
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DD_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126802
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NDTV_GOODTIMES
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126803
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AND_PRIVE_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126804
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_COLORS_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126805
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MOVIES_OK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126806
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_B4U_MOVIES_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126807
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_B4U_PLUS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126808
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_TV_HD_USA_WEST
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126809
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_HD_USA_WEST
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126810
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_PLUS_USA_WEST
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126811
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126812
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_TV_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126813
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_BHARAT_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126814
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_MAX2
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126815
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126816
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEMA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126817
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_ANMOL
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126818
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_BINDASS_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126819
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_LIVING_FOODZ_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126820
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DISHA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126821
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_RISHTEY_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126822
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_RISHTEY_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126823
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_MAX_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126824
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_COLORS_INFINITY_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126825
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_IBN_LOKMAT
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126826
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_BOLLYWOOD_PREMIER_HD1
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126827
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",IRAN_GEM_BOLLYWOOD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126828
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",http://fun6.xyz:2086/HINDI_B4U_AFLAM
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126829
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_E24
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126830
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_VEDIC_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126831
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_BHAKTI_SAGAR
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126832
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AASTHA_TV_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126833
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_KRISHNA_VANI
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126834
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZOOM
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126835
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_OM_NAMAH_SHIVAYA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126836
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_EPIC_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126837
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_JAI_SHREE_RAM
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126838
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_MIX_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126839
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DESI4U_CINEMA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126840
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MOVIES_OK_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126841
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DD_NATIONAL
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126842
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_LOK_SABHA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126843
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_RAJYA_SABHA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126844
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_THE_Q_INDIA_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126845
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AAJ_TAK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126846
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_HOUSEFULL_MOVIES
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126847
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SAB_TV_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126848
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_HARE_KRISHNA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126850
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SARV_DHARAM_SANGAM
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126851
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MATA_KI_BETEIN_1_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126852
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MATA_KI_BETEIN_2_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126853
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_GANESH_BHAJANS_2_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126855
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_KRISHNA_BHAJANS_2_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126857
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_REPUBLIC_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126858
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MIRROR_NOW
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126860
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NEWS_NATION
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126861
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_INDIA_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126862
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DISCOVERY_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126863
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DISCOVERY_WORLD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126864
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ANIMAL_PLANETWORLD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126865
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_HISTORY_TV18_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126866
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_BBC_EARTH_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126867
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NAT_GEO_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126868
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NAT_GEO_WILD_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126869
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ANIMAL_PLANET_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126870
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_HBO_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126871
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_TLC_HD_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126872
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_KANSHI_TV_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126873
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NTV_HOUSTON_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126874
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AMAR_UJALA_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126875
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_AATMA_CHANNEL
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126876
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_HINDUSTAN
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126877
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_BHARAT_SAMACHAR_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126878
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_RAJASTHAN
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126879
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NEWS19_RAJASTHAN
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126880
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_INDIA_NEWS_RAJASTHAN
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126881
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_IBC_24_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126882
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_INH_24X7
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126883
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_JANTA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126884
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_JK_24X7_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126885
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_INDIA_NEWS_HARYANA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126886
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_NATIONAL_VOICE
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126887
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SADHNA_NEWS_PLUS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126888
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_GOLD_SELECT_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126890
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_GOLD_HD_APAC
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126891
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_STAR_GOLD_SELECT_HD_APAC
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126892
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_SONY_MAX_HD_APAC
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126893
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_ZEE_CINEMA_HD_APAC
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126894
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CINEPLEX_HD_USA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126895
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MINIPLEX_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126896
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_BOLLYWOOD_PREMIER_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126897
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CNBC_TV18_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126898
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_CNBC_AWAZ
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126899
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_MUSIC_INDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126900
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_BOLLYWOOD_NON_STOP
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126901
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_T_MEDIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126902
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | HINDI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",HINDI_DEALS_TODAY
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126903
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_MUSIC_VIDEO_01
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126904
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_ASIANET_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126905
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_ASIANET_ME
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126906
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_ASIANET_PLUS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126907
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_ASIANET_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126908
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_SURYA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126909
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_MANORAMA_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126910
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_REPORTER_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126912
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_NEWS_18_KERALA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126913
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_RAJ_NEWS_MALAYALAM
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126914
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_KAIRALI_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126915
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_24_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126917
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_KERALAVISION
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126918
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_DD_MALAYALAM
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126919
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_KAIRALI_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126920
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_KAIRALI_ARABIA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126921
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_MAZHAVIL_MANORAMA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126922
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_FLOWERS_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126923
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_AMRITA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126924
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_SURYA_MUSIC
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126925
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_RAJ_MUSIC
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126926
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_GARSHOM_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126927
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_JAIHIND_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126928
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_JEEVAN_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126929
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_KAUMUDY
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126930
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_MEDIAONE_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126931
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_SHOLAM_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126932
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_POWER_VISION
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126933
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_KAPPA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126936
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_HARVEST_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126938
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_SURYA_COMEDY
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126941
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | MALAYALAM" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",MALAYALAM_ASIANET_MOVIES
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126942
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_NAT_GEO_TAMIL_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126958
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_NAT_GEO_WILD_TAMIL_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126959
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_FOX_LIFE_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126960
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_ZEE_TAMIL
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126961
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SUN_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126962
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SUN_LIFE
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126963
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_STAR_VIJAY_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126964
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_KTV_HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126965
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_COLORS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126966
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_JAYA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126967
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_JAYA_MAX
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126968
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_JAYA_PLUS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126969
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_VIJAY_SUPER
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126971
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_STAR_VIJAY_UK
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126972
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SIRIPPOLI_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126973
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_KALAIGNAR_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126974
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_DISCOVERY_KIDS_TAMIL
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126975
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_CHUTTI_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126976
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_RAJ_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126977
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_RAJ_DIGITAL_PLUS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126978
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_CAPTAIN_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126979
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_RAJ_NEWS_247
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126980
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_POLIMER_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126981
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_NEWS_7
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126982
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SUN_NEWS_TAMIL
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126983
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_LOTUS_NEWS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126984
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_NEWS_18_TAMIL_NADU
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126986
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_VASANTH_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126987
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_JAYA_MOVIES
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126988
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_PUTHIYA_THALAIMURAI
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126989
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SUN_MUSIC
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126990
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_RAJ_MUSIX
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126991
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_DHEERAN_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126992
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_VANDHAR_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126994
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_MADHIMUGHAM_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126995
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_ADITHYA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126996
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_MAKKAL_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126997
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_CAPTAIN_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=126998
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SEITHIGAL_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127000
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SRI_SANKARA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127001
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_THANTHI_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127002
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_VASANTH_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127003
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_TATA_SKY_TAMIL_CINEMA
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127004
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_TVI
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127006
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_PEPPERS
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127007
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SATHIYAM_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127008
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_DD_PODHIGAI
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127009
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_ZEE_THIRAI
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127010
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_MK_TUNES
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127011
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_TUNE_6
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127012
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_NAMBIKKAI_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127013
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_IMAYAM_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127015
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_MOON_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127016
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_MK_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127018
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SAHANA_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127019
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh DIALOG | TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg/1200px-Dialog_Axiata_logo.svg.png",TAMIL_SALVATION_TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/apix/dialogtv/dialogtv.php?id=127021
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/sun-HD-white.png",Sun TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/sunhd/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/sun-tv-uk-white.png",Sun TV EU HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/suntveu/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/ktv-HD-white.png",KTV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/ktv/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/sun-music-HD-white.png",Sun Music HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/smusic/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/adithya-tv-white.png",Adithya
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/sadithya/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://img2.pngio.com/star-vijay-logopedia-fandom-star-vijay-png-600_365.png",Star Vijay HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://img2.pngio.com/star-vijay-logopedia-fandom-star-vijay-png-600_365.png",STAR VIJAY TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/vj/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/star-vijay-uk-white.png",Star Vijay UK HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/vjuk/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://image.airtel.tv/MWTV/MWTV_LIVETVCHANNEL_1010/PORTRAIT/d3Gg9pby.png",Zee Tamil HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/ztamil/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://image.airtel.tv/content/MWTV/LIVETVCHANNEL/MWTV_LIVETVCHANNEL_10000000057050000/ic_logo_Colors_Tamil_HD_WB.png",Colors Tamil HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/tcolors/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://img2.pngio.com/star-sports-hd1-star-sports-2-png-image-with-transparent-star-sports-png-840_859.png",Star Sports 1 HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/ssport/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh iStreamtv | Astro" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6b/Shakthi_TV_logo.png",Shakthi
http://istreamiptv.gq/api1cdn/hd/shakti/auth.php
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/14020/1000x1000_9dd88de4-18ab-493b-98fe-6eb27e9cbf5e.jpg",Sun TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/32138/1000x1000_84b30aac-654e-4dd5-b5ee-bd8204254735.jpg",KTV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=KTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9013/1000x1000_ff49d176-a9d2-4f50-b6bc-a10caac8d3a5.jpg",Sun Music HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunMusicHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9025/1000x1000_c8897f06-b2c0-4856-9d81-02181b821cf7.jpg",Sun Music
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunMusic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26569/1000x1000_SunLife_26569_1e6604fc-2df9-4598-8f1c-dcbda46254ab.jpg",Sun Life
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunLife
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9023/1000x1000_30878292-a63e-4414-acbc-902c0afb4b9b.jpg",Adithya TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=AdithyaTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/38926/1000x1000_SunNews_38926_5921657d-45b6-445e-9e26-f0cd67be9d39.jpg",Sun News
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunNews
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/14019/1000x1000_72a28627-db58-4739-b61c-4e4208897aed.jpg",Gemini TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26570/1000x1000_285efca5-02f3-40a1-8f8c-d913e8f6b989.jpg",Gemini Movies HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiMoviesHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26568/1000x1000_eaa4e437-cce0-4411-8e46-13640be94c55.jpg",Gemini Music HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiMusicHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9026/1000x1000_4cca05ef-46eb-4076-af6b-a8fdc1b88a27.jpg",Gemini Music
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiMusic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9015/1000x1000_a4023b29-e49b-4c98-9621-95b7e5c39a19.jpg",Gemini Movies
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiMovies
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26572/1000x1000_da07159f-fa9c-45d0-beb2-685bedc12e33.jpg",Gemini Life
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiLife
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9027/1000x1000_5cb5b903-f1a0-4590-bb90-8cfa529322e2.jpg",Gemini Comedy
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiComedy
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26574/1000x1000_6ed3be47-b8bf-45ee-adf1-fb5ae9621e08.jpg",Surya TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9018/1000x1000_c10cc678-9321-43f8-b717-16fa7913a6ba.jpg",Surya TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/30835/1000x1000_143a4af4-2f02-4c9c-814b-af149e6a5a95.jpg",Surya Comedy
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaComedy
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26575/1000x1000_a73efcfb-e350-491c-94e0-bd75f0d9d5f2.jpg",Surya Music
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaMusic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/30846/1000x1000_efb20223-e677-49fd-985e-806e7b162c6b.jpg",Udaya TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9029/1000x1000_9f0bcf68-5025-43af-8e60-b83fea67215c.jpg",Udaya TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9022/1000x1000_d85b4dcc-ad0c-4a5b-84fd-6dd91dc585e2.jpg",Udaya Music
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaMusic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26576/1000x1000_4ad767d2-e5d7-45f2-a95a-ab99f56cc2bf.jpg",Udaya Movies
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaMovies
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9014/1000x1000_8a47fe5c-81a8-42a4-8a05-f168e6a3c868.jpg",Udaya Comedy
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaComedy
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | IST-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/75117/200x200_4b19b530-f0bb-4b26-a9de-f3cdd5f8be20.jpg",Sun Bangla
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/ist/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunBangla
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/14020/1000x1000_9dd88de4-18ab-493b-98fe-6eb27e9cbf5e.jpg",Sun TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9016/1000x1000_4522d18b-56cc-42be-8365-c54e21a6e394.jpg",Sun TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26566/1000x1000_45814266-8c8b-45c6-a801-643e6734f73d.jpg",KTV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=KTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/32138/1000x1000_84b30aac-654e-4dd5-b5ee-bd8204254735.jpg",KTV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=KTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9013/1000x1000_ff49d176-a9d2-4f50-b6bc-a10caac8d3a5.jpg",Sun Music HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunMusicHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9025/1000x1000_c8897f06-b2c0-4856-9d81-02181b821cf7.jpg",Sun Music
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunMusic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26569/1000x1000_SunLife_26569_1e6604fc-2df9-4598-8f1c-dcbda46254ab.jpg",Sun Life
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunLife
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9023/1000x1000_30878292-a63e-4414-acbc-902c0afb4b9b.jpg",Adithya TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=AdithyaTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/38926/1000x1000_SunNews_38926_5921657d-45b6-445e-9e26-f0cd67be9d39.jpg",Sun News
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunNews
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/14019/1000x1000_72a28627-db58-4739-b61c-4e4208897aed.jpg",Gemini TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26570/1000x1000_285efca5-02f3-40a1-8f8c-d913e8f6b989.jpg",Gemini Movies HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiMoviesHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26568/1000x1000_eaa4e437-cce0-4411-8e46-13640be94c55.jpg",Gemini Music HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiMusicHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9026/1000x1000_4cca05ef-46eb-4076-af6b-a8fdc1b88a27.jpg",Gemini Music
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiMusic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9015/1000x1000_a4023b29-e49b-4c98-9621-95b7e5c39a19.jpg",Gemini Movies
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiMovies
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9017/1000x1000_66d46fd1-643f-429f-9e19-db603fa0e5e4.jpg",Gemini TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=GeminiTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26574/1000x1000_6ed3be47-b8bf-45ee-adf1-fb5ae9621e08.jpg",Surya TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9018/1000x1000_c10cc678-9321-43f8-b717-16fa7913a6ba.jpg",Surya TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/30835/1000x1000_143a4af4-2f02-4c9c-814b-af149e6a5a95.jpg",Surya Comedy
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaComedy
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26575/1000x1000_a73efcfb-e350-491c-94e0-bd75f0d9d5f2.jpg",Surya Music
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaMusic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9019/1000x1000_71ddcc0b-16e7-48e9-9998-aa023200f4bc.jpg",Surya Movies
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SuryaMovies
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/30846/1000x1000_efb20223-e677-49fd-985e-806e7b162c6b.jpg",Udaya TV HD
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaTVHD
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9029/1000x1000_9f0bcf68-5025-43af-8e60-b83fea67215c.jpg",Udaya TV
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaTV
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9022/1000x1000_d85b4dcc-ad0c-4a5b-84fd-6dd91dc585e2.jpg",Udaya Music
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaMusic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/26576/1000x1000_4ad767d2-e5d7-45f2-a95a-ab99f56cc2bf.jpg",Udaya Movies
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaMovies
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/9014/1000x1000_8a47fe5c-81a8-42a4-8a05-f168e6a3c868.jpg",Udaya Comedy
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=UdayaComedy
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SunNXT | UK-Time" tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/75117/200x200_4b19b530-f0bb-4b26-a9de-f3cdd5f8be20.jpg",Sun Bangla
http://istreamiptv.gq/api3/cdn/sunnxt/uk/nxtist.php?uid=Lock202_88432&c=SunBangla
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Tamil_HD.png",Colors Tamil HD
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828537/colorstamilhd/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Super.png",Colors Super
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828527/colorssuper/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Cineplex.png",Colors Cineplex
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828591/cineplexhd/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_HD.png",Colors Kannada HD
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828525/kannada1/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Gujarati.png",Colors Gujarati
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828532/colorsgujarati/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Oriya.png",Colors Oriya
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828550/colorsodia/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Bengali_HD.png",Colors Bengali HD
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828529/colorsbangla/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Marathi_HD.png",Colors Marathi HD
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828522/colorsmarathi/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Comedy_Central_HD.png",Comedy Central HD
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/876250/comedycentral/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_Beats_HD.png",MTV Beats HD
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828547/mtvbeats/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_HD_Plus.png",MTV HD Plus
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828545/mtvhd/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_HD+.png",Nick HD+
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/876655/nickhd/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rishtey.png",Rishtey
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/828588/rishtey/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/sonic_Hindi.png",Sonic Hindi
https://livevoot-i.akamaihd.net/dash/live/876657/sonic/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/sVDIDOWXzV8/maxresdefault.jpg",BIGG BOSS 14 (Hindi) Before TV
https://vootlivelinear.akamaized.net/dash/live/2018726/bbtv/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://v3img.voot.com/resizeMedium,w_418,h_235/v3Storage/assets/BBK-BeforeTv-NewEpisode-16x9-1614696593068.jpg",BIGG BOSS  (Kannada) Before TV
https://vootlivelinear.akamaized.net/dash/live/2025732/bbkbtv/master.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535027842_channel_1533905958_1531815427_News18-Tamil_1_1_500x50011.png",News18 Tamil
https://news18tnvoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18tamil_1@526595/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535027950_channel_1533906114_1531815785_News18-Chattisgarh11.png",News18 Mpcg
https://news18mpchvoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18mpcg_1@175737/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535027908_channel_1534165411_News18-Lokmat_1_1_500x5001.png",News18 Lokmat
https://news18lokmatvoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18lokmat_1@178974/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535027920_channel_1533906346_channel_1533120932_News18-Kerala11.png",News18 Kerala
https://news18keralavoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18kerala_1@526583/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535027949_channel_1533906298_1531816214_News18-Himachal-Pradesh_1_1_500x50011.png",News18 Punjabi
https://news18hipuvoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18punjabhimhar_1@349009/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535027989_channel_1533906267_1531816166_News18-Assam_1_1_500x50011.png",News18 Assame
https://news18asnevoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18assamne_1@526575/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535027926_channel_1533906053_1531815606_News18-Urdu_1_1_500x50011.png",News18 Urdu
https://news18urduvoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18urdu_1@373059/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535028061_channel_1533906086_1531815737_News18-Jharkhand11.png",News18 Bihari
https://news18bijhvoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18biharjh_1@175736/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://vimg.voot.com/dimg2/voot-cms/include/upload/pwa-images/channel-logos/channel_1535027739_channel_1533905845_1531814815_News18-Bangla_1_1_500x50011.png",News18 Bangla
https://news18banglavoot-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18bangla_1@2289/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh VOOT" tvg-logo="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/sVDIDOWXzV8/maxresdefault.jpg",Rishtey CinePlex
https://viacom-b.multitvsolution.com/viacomhls/rishteycineplex.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://tglmp03.akamaized.net/out/v1/ff7074666bce40c9887ba518d3fc7a85/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SONY_TEN2_HD.png",SONY TEN 2 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/Syu8F41-R1y_JmQ7x0oNxQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SONY_TEN2_SD.png",Sony Ten 2 SD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/nspQRqO5RmC06VmlPrTwkQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SONY_TEN3_HD.png",SONY TEN 3 HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/nmQFuHURTYGQBNdUG-2Qdw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origin-staticv2.sonyliv.com/videoasset_images/SonyTEN3HD.jpg",Sony Ten 3 SD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/9kocjiLUSf-erlSrv3d4Mw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SONY_SIX_HD.png",Sony SIX HD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net:443/ssai/event/DD7fA-HgSUaLyZp9AjRYxQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SONY_SIX_SD.png",Sony Six SD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/S-q8I27RRzmkb-OIdoaiAw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SET_india_HD.png",SONY SET FHD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/HgaB-u6rSpGx3mo4Xu3sLw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SAB_HD.png",SONY SAB FHD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/UI4QFJ_uRk6aLxIcADqa_A/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SAB_HD.png",SONY AATH
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/pSVzGmMpQR6jdmwwJg87OQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/Sony_wah.png",SONY YAY HIN
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/40H5HfwWTZadFGYkBTqagg/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/Sony_MAX_HD.png",SONY MAX FHD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/Qyqz40bSQriqSuAC7R8_Fw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/Sony_wah.png",SONY WAH
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/H_ZvXWqHRGKpHcdDE5RcDA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SONY_TEN1_HD.png",SONY TEN 1 FHD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/yeYP86THQ4yl7US8Zx5eug/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SONY_TEN2_HD.png",SONY TEN 2 FHD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/Syu8F41-R1y_JmQ7x0oNxQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origindev-static.sonyliv.com/UI_icons/SONY_TEN3_HD.png",SONY TEN 3 FHD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/nmQFuHURTYGQBNdUG-2Qdw/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origin-staticv2.sonyliv.com/cms/4867316278001/thumbnail/4867316278001_thumb.jpg",SONY MAX SD
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/oJ-TGgVFSgSMBUoTkauvFQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Sony_Max_2_India.jpg",SONY MAX 2
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/4Jcu195QTpCNBXGnpw2I6g/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh SonyLIV FHD-India Only" tvg-logo="https://origin-staticv2.sonyliv.com/masthead_logo/5571681160001.png",BBC EARTH
https://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/ssai/event/V73ovbgASP-xGvQQOukwTQ/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeetvhd/list/386x386/09zeetvhdzeetvhd.png",Zee TV HD
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeetvhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeetv/list/386x386/09zeetvzeetv.png",Zee TV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeetv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-209/list/386x386/09209xplorhd.png",&xplorHD
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-209
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-tvpictureshd/list/386x386/09tvpictureshdpictureshd.png",&Pictures HD
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-tvpictureshd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zing/list/386x386/09zingzing.png",Zing
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zing
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeeyuva/list/386x386/09zeeyuvazeeyuva.png",Zee Yuva
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeeyuva
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeetelugu/list/386x386/09zeeteluguzeetelugu.png",Zee Telugu
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeetelugu
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeemarathi/list/386x386/09zeemarathizeemarathihd.png",Zee Marathi HD
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeemarathi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeemadhyapradeshchat/list/386x386/09zeemadhyapradeshchatzeem.png",Zee Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeemadhyapradeshchat
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeekannada/list/386x386/09zeekannadazeekannada.png",Zee Kannada
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeekannada
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeehindustan/list/386x386/09zeehindustanzeehindustan.png",Zee Hindustan
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeehindustan
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-176/list/386x386/09176zeeclassic.png",Zee Classic
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-176
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeecinemalu/list/386x386/09zeecinemaluzeecinemalu.png",Zee Cinemalu
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeecinemalu
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeecafehd/list/386x386/09zeecafehdzeecaf_hd.png",Zee Café HD
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeecafehd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeebusiness/list/386x386/09zeebusinesszeebusiness.png",Zee Business
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeebusiness
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeeclassic/list/386x386/09zeeclassiczeebollywood.png",Zee Bollywood
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeeclassic
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-216/list/386x386/1170x658_zeebio_1600608309.png",Zee Biskope
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-216
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeebiharjharkhand/list/386x386/09zeebiharjharkhandzeebiha.png",Zee Bihar Jharkhand
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeebiharjharkhand
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeebanglacinema/list/386x386/09zeebanglacinemazeebangla.png",Zee Bangla Cinema
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeebanglacinema
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeeanmolcinema/list/386x386/09zeeanmolcinemazeeanmolci.png",Zee Anmol Cinema
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeeanmolcinema
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeeanmol/list/386x386/09zeeanmolzeeanmol.png",Zee Anmol
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeeanmol
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zeeaction/list/386x386/09zeeactionzeeaction.png",Zee Action
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zeeaction
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zee24taas/list/386x386/09zee24taaszee24taas.png",Zee 24 Taas
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zee24taas
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-zee24kalak/list/386x386/1170x658_1038153274.png",Zee 24 Kalak
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-zee24kalak
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-wion/list/386x386/09wionwion.png",WION
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-wion
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-306/list/386x386/1170x658psd_1968564726.png",Vendhar TV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-306
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-258/list/386x386/09258tv9telugu.png",TV9 Telugu
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-258
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-257/list/386x386/09257tv9marathi.png",TV9 Marathi
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-257
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-259/list/386x386/09259tv9kannada.png",TV9 Kannada
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-259
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-260/list/386x386/09260tv9gujarati.png",TV9 Gujarati
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-260
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-251/list/386x386/09251tv9bharatvarsh.png",TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-251
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-222/list/386x386/09222tv5news.png",TV5 News
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-222
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-255/list/386x386/09255tez.png",Tez
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-255
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-301/list/386x386/1170x658psd_899351993.png",Sounds of ZEE5 - Romance
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-301
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-300/list/386x386/1170x658psd_1825414407.png",Sounds of ZEE5 - Punjabi Beats
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-300
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-299/list/386x386/1170x658psd_1477247939.png",Sounds of ZEE5 - Originals
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-299
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-298/list/386x386/1170x658psd_1468258188.png",Sounds of ZEE5 - Local Vocal
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-298
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-302/list/386x386/1170x658psd_1116886297.png",Sounds of ZEE5 - EDM
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-302
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-channel_1565694979/list/386x386/09channel_1565694979satsan.png",Satsang TV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-channel_1565694979
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-313/list/386x386/1170x658psd_120976450.png",Sadhna Plus News
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-313
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-319/list/386x386/",Sadhna News MP/CG
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-319
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-channel_1422341819/list/386x386/09channel_1422341819republ.png",Republic TV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-channel_1422341819
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-162/list/386x386/09162republicbharat.png",Republic Bharat
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-162
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-220/list/386x386/09220putiyathalamurai.png",Putiya Thalamurai
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-220
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-221/list/386x386/09221puthyugamtv.png",Puthyugam TV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-221
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-203/list/386x386/09203polimernews.png",Polimer News
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-203
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-206/list/386x386/09206news24.png",News24
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-206
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-273/list/386x386/newsx.png",News X
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-273
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-171/list/386x386/09171newsstateuttarpradesh.png",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-171
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-172/list/386x386/09172newsstatemadhyaprades.png",News State Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-172
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-170/list/386x386/09170newsnation.png",News Nation
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-170
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-285/list/386x386/ishwartv.png",Ishwar  TV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-285
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-282/list/386x386/indiatv.png",India TV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-282
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-275/list/386x386/indianewsup_1043438544.png",India News UP
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-275
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-274/list/386x386/1170x658_1666427088.png",India News Punjabi Himachal
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-274
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-277/list/386x386/indianews_mp.png",India News MP
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-277
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-278/list/386x386/indianewsharyana.png",India News Haryana
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-278
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-279/list/386x386/indianewsgujarati.png",India News Gujarat
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-279
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-272/list/386x386/indianews.png",India News
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-272
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-183/list/386x386/09183harekrsna.png",Hare Krsna
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-183
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-207/list/386x386/09207e24.png",E24
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-207
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddyadagiri/list/386x386/09ddyadagiriddyadagiri.png",DD Yadagiri
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddyadagiri
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-dduttarpradesh/list/386x386/09dduttarpradeshdduttarpra.png",DD Uttar Pradesh
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-dduttarpradesh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddurdu/list/386x386/09ddurduddurdu.png",DD Urdu
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddurdu
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddsahyadri/list/386x386/09ddsahyadriddsahyadri.png",DD Sahyadri
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddsahyadri
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddpunjabi/list/386x386/09ddpunjabiddpunjabi.png",DD Punjabi
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddpunjabi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddpodhigai/list/386x386/09ddpodhigaiddpodhigai.png",DD Podhigai
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddpodhigai
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddnews/list/386x386/09ddnewsddnews.png",DD News
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddnews
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddindia/list/386x386/09ddindiaddindia.png",DD India
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddindia
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddchandana/list/386x386/09ddchandanaddchandana.png",DD Chandana
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddchandana
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddbihar/list/386x386/09ddbiharddbihar.png",DD Bihar
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddbihar
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddbharati/list/386x386/09ddbharatiddbharati.png",DD Bharati
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddbharati
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-ddbangla/list/386x386/09ddbangladdbangla.png",DD Bangla
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-ddbangla
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet/list/386x386/09chardiklatimetvtimetchar.png",Chardikla Time TV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-165/list/386x386/09165booglebollywood.png",Boogle Bollywood
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-165
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-bigmagic_1786965389/list/386x386/09bigmagic_1786965389bigma.png",Big Magic
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-bigmagic_1786965389
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-bigganga/list/386x386/09biggangabigganga.png",Big Ganga
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-bigganga
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-aajtak/list/386x386/09aajtakaajtak.png",Aaj Tak
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-aajtak
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-132/list/386x386/091329xtashan.png",9X Tashan
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-132
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-pictures/list/386x386/09picturespictures.png",&Pictures
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-pictures
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-channel_2105335046/list/386x386/09channel_2105335046flix.png",&flix
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-channel_2105335046
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d2/Ek_onkar.svg/1200px-Ek_onkar.svg.png",Ek Onkar
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-345
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://cdn.i.haymarketmedia.asia/?n=campaign-india%2Fcontent%2Fzeezest.jpg",Zee Zest HD
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-348
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-privéhd/list/386x386/09privhdprivehd.png",&Prive HD
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-privéhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://www.indiantvinfo.com/media/2020/09/Zee-Vajwa-Channel-Logo.png",Zee Vajwa
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-353
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c1/Bharat_Samachar_Logo.jpg/480px-Bharat_Samachar_Logo.jpg",Bharat Samachar
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-354
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://azamtv.co.tz/tan/uploads/channels/channel_image1444056726.jpg",ABN Andhra Jyothy
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-355
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://www.tvwnewsindia.com/articles/1606201743.png",TV9 Bangla
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-378
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Zee5" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/BTV-logo.png",BTV
https://sneh-zee5tv-1.up.railway.app/?c=0-9-377
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0306.9XM.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1545220990615.jpg",9XM
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/live_hd/0306.9XM.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0204.MusicIndia.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392696883.jpg",Music India
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls_hd/0204.MusicIndia.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0589.Mastiii.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1567397477532.jpg",Mastiii
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0589.Mastiii.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7014.ABPNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1580713373952.jpg",ABP News
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7014.ABPNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0091.IndiaTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1541353350078.JPG",India TV
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0091.IndiaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0442.IndiaNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552315699798.jpg",India News
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0442.IndiaNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1838.GulistanNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552384672096.jpg",Gulistan News
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1838.GulistanNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1062.NewsNation.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552315757451.jpg",News Nation
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/1062.NewsNation.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0285.RSTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1542009110013.jpg",RSTV
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0285.RSTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0275.LoksabhaTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535464207994.jpg",Loksabha TV
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0275.LoksabhaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1900.IndiaNewsMP.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392572065.jpg",India News MP
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1900.IndiaNewsMP.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0290.DDUP.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463600644.jpg",DD UP
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0290.DDUP.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/3240.NewsIndia24X7.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392712851.jpg",News India 24X7
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/3240.NewsIndia24X7.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1604.JantaTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535464082702.jpg",Janta TV
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1604.JantaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7016.ABPMajha.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1580713515459.jpg",ABP Majha
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7016.ABPMajha.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0098.DDNational.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392509740.jpg",DD National
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0098.DDNational.in_dvr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0281.DDBihar.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463301638.jpg",DD Bihar
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0281.DDBihar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0519.IBC24.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1544081572562.jpg",IBC24
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0519.IBC24.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0184.Samay.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1556288457224.jpg",Samay National
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0184.Samay.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0188.SamayUPUttrakhand.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1543408239777.jpg",Samay UP Uttrakhand
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0188.SamayUPUttrakhand.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0186.SamayRajasthan.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392926901.jpg",Samay Rajasthan
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0186.SamayRajasthan.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0187.SamayMPChhattisgarh.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392916376.jpg",Samay MP Chhattisgarh
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0187.SamayMPChhattisgarh.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/2144.CVREnglishNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1543579746368.jpg",CVR News
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2144.CVREnglishNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1647.SadhnaMPChattisgarh.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392882223.jpg",Sadhna MP Chattisgarh
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/1647.SadhnaMPChattisgarh.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/4380.SadhnaPlus.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1543827598229.jpg",Sadhna Plus
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/4380.SadhnaPlus.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1872.FirstIndiaNewsRajasthan.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1544081965308.jpg",First India News Rajasthan
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1872.FirstIndiaNewsRajasthan.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1843.KNews24X7.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1547632300570.jpg",K News India
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1843.KNews24X7.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5208.HindiKhabar.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1554722707697.jpg",Hindi Khabar
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/5208.HindiKhabar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5045.BFlixMovies.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1536151119917.jpg",BFlix Movies
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5045.BFlixMovies.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/2172.ManoranjanMovies.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535537678437.jpg",Manoranjan Movies
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2172.ManoranjanMovies.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0079.Filmy.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463753952.jpg",Filmy
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0079.Filmy.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/2820.MahaMovie.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535464244460.jpg",Maha Movie
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2820.MahaMovie.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/2940.WOWCinemaOne.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1554127110901.JPG",WOW Cinema One
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2940.WOWCinemaOne.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/6107.YTVIndiaHD.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1589273776740.jpg",YTV India HD
https://m-c048-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls_hd/6107.YTVIndiaHD.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1309.IshwarTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1554455564178.jpg",Ishwar TV
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1309.IshwarTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0116.Sanskar.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535465007306.jpg",Sanskar
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0116.Sanskar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5835.BhaktiSagar.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463059968.jpg",Bhakti Sagar
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5835.BhaktiSagar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1115.ShubhsandeshTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1543828409920.jpg",Shubhsandesh TV
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1115.ShubhsandeshTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0133.Sadhna.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1543827526739.jpg",Sadhna
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0133.Sadhna.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/6491.KrishnaVani.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552999154509.jpg",Krishna Vani
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6491.KrishnaVani.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/2639.Epic.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552315665808.jpg",Epic
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2639.Epic.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0353.Firangi.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535537649542.jpg",Firangi
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0353.Firangi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0180.DDIndia.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392493086.jpg",DD India
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0180.DDIndia.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0138.SangeetBangla.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552387328406.jpg",Sangeet Bangla
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/0138.SangeetBangla.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5332.Dishum.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1537963348466.jpg",Dishum
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5332.Dishum.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0950.DabanggTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1537963271535.jpg",Dabangg TV
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0950.DabanggTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1785.OscarMoviesBhojpuri.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535464489210.jpg",Oscar Movies Bhojpuri
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1785.OscarMoviesBhojpuri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0432.SangeetBhojpuri.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392940661.jpg",Sangeet Bhojpuri
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0432.SangeetBhojpuri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/6518.ValambhaktiHD.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1594732243027.jpg",Valam TV
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6518.ValambhaktiHD.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1738.LakshyaTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1558448044895.jpg",Lakshya TV
https://m-c04-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1738.LakshyaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0254.DDGirnar.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392459508.jpg",DD Girnar
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0254.DDGirnar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5389.MantavyaNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1554722569246.jpg",Mantavya News
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5389.MantavyaNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0255.DDChandana.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463325575.jpg",DD Chandana
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0255.DDChandana.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5921.NewsXKannada.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392725366.jpg",NewsX Kannada
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5921.NewsXKannada.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5412.TV5Kannada.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1542964257973.jpg",TV5 Kannada
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5412.TV5Kannada.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0282.DDKashir.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463398399.jpg",DD Kashir
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0282.DDKashir.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1380.KappaTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552384776784.jpg",Kappa TV
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1380.KappaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1759.Maiboli.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552386808959.jpg",Maiboli
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1759.Maiboli.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/3724.SangeetMarathi.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552392961420.jpg",Sangeet Marathi
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/3724.SangeetMarathi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0750.9XJhakaas.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552384478964.jpg",9X Jhakaas
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/live/0750.9XJhakaas.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0284.DDNorthEast.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463497675.jpg",DD North East
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0284.DDNorthEast.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5416.BoogleBollywood.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1552998444643.jpg",Boogle Bollywood
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5416.BoogleBollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0250.DDPodhigai.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463516112.jpg",DD Podhigai
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0250.DDPodhigai.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0680.CaptainTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463113447.jpg",Captain TV
https://m-c29-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0680.CaptainTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0727.PuthiyaThalaimurai.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535537717842.jpg",Puthiya Thalaimurai
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0727.PuthiyaThalaimurai.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/5414.HinduDharmam.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1542964449744.jpg",Hindu Dharmam
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5414.HinduDharmam.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0434.Subhavaartha.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1543827303308.jpg",Subhavaartha
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0434.Subhavaartha.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/2269.StudioOne.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1580125615260.jpg",Studio One Plus
https://m-c16-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2269.StudioOne.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/2880.DDYadagiri.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1535463634327.jpg",DD Yadagiri
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/2880.DDYadagiri.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1128.CVRNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1543579715467.jpg",CVR News
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1128.CVRNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/1127.CVRHealth.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1543579759571.jpg",CVR Health
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/1127.CVRHealth.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0375.AalamiSamay.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1554722534887.jpg",Aalami Samay
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0375.AalamiSamay.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/0515.MahaaTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1558352506850.jpg",Mahaa TV
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0515.MahaaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/6521.Movieplus.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1559821113768.jpg",Movie Plus
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/6521.Movieplus.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7005.FoodFoodChannel.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1566654831939.jpg",Food Food
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7005.FoodFoodChannel.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7006.EuroNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1567778758221.jpg",Euro news
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7006.EuroNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7007.France24.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1567778813838.jpg",France 24
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7007.France24.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7008.TV5MondeASIE.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1567778886223.jpg",TV5 monde ASIE
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7008.TV5MondeASIE.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7009.KaatyaniTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1568193158605.jpg",Kaatyani TV
https://m-c08-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7009.KaatyaniTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8004.Mollywood.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574771014744.jpg",Mollywood
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8004.Mollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8003.Lollywood.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574770942319.jpg",Lollywood
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8003.Lollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8001.Bollywood.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574770761731.jpg",Bollywood
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8001.Bollywood.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8017.FootballTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574772381747.jpg",Football TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8017.FootballTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8016.SportsTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574772297087.jpg",Sports TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8016.SportsTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8014.FightTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574772178068.jpg",Fight TV
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8014.FightTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8020.LanguageCourseEnglish.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574772507867.jpg",Language Course English
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8020.LanguageCourseEnglish.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8023.DWEnglish.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1572423641700.jpg",DW English
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8023.DWEnglish.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7010.KalyanTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574075076834.jpg",Kalyan TV
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7010.KalyanTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8024.DWEnglishHD.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574858634218.jpg",DW English HD
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls_hd/8024.DWEnglishHD.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8025.DWEnglishDeutsch.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1574768028648.jpg",DW Deutsch
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8025.DWEnglishDeutsch.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8027.CarsAndStars.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1575958674835.jpg",Cars and stars
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8027.CarsAndStars.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7012.GarvGurbani.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1579682040846.jpg",Garv Gurbani
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7012.GarvGurbani.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7011.SwarShree.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1579508918786.jpg",Swar Shree
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7011.SwarShree.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7018.ABPSanjha.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1581663188745.jpg",ABP Sanjha
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7018.ABPSanjha.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7015.ABPAnanda.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1580713468721.jpg",ABP Ananda
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7015.ABPAnanda.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7019.ABPAsmita.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1580713588986.jpg",ABP Asmita
https://m-c02-j2apps.s.loris.llnwd.net/hls/7019.ABPAsmita.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8045.QIndiaTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1588323963553.jpg",The Q India
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8045.QIndiaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7039.JigyasaTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1583246986689.jpg",Jigyasa TV
https://m-c01-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7039.JigyasaTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/8030.TVIQ.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1587704854399.jpg",TV IQ
https://m-c010-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8030.TVIQ.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7043.News1India.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1588701259991.jpg",News 1 India
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7043.News1India.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7042.OrangeBangla.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1588701216492.jpg",Orange Bangla
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7042.OrangeBangla.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7048.NationalVoice.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1593666061152.jpg",National Voice
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7048.NationalVoice.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7049.DesiChannel.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1590737770507.jpg",Desi Channel
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7049.DesiChannel.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7053.NewsOnly.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1590737990207.jpg",News Only
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7053.NewsOnly.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7055.Gurbani.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1590738214212.jpg",Gurkibani
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7055.Gurbani.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7059.SailLeela.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1590845528353.jpg",Sai leela
https://m-c03-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7059.SailLeela.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7060.BharatSamachar.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1591601853502.jpg",Bharat Samachar
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7060.BharatSamachar.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7063.CalcuttaNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1592837900794.jpg",Calcutta News
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7063.CalcuttaNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7061.Kartavya.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1592929332248.jpg",Kartavya
https://m-c09-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7061.Kartavya.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7062.CTVN.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1592837752703.jpg",CTVN
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7062.CTVN.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7065.NaxatraNews.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1593160984745.jpg",Naxatra News Channel
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7065.NaxatraNews.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7064.SevenWonders.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1593581224850.jpg",Seven Wonders
https://m-c05-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7064.SevenWonders.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7070.RajMahalTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1594051312699.jpg",Raj Mahal TV
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7070.RajMahalTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7067.WorldPunjabi.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1594303274561.jpg",World Punjabi
https://m-c047-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7067.WorldPunjabi.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7072.ShemarooMarathibana.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1594370246744.jpg",Shemaroo Marathibana
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7072.ShemarooMarathibana.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7073.Fun TV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1594370301269.jpg",Shemaroo TV
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7073.FunTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpicweb.mxplay.com/media/images/7074.MalaiMurasuTV.in/1x1/1x/test_pic1594370421566.jpg",Malai Murasu TV
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7074.MalaiMurasuTV.in.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b7/Lokshahi_News_Logo.png",Lokshahi News
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/8002.LokshahiNews.in_360p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MX Player - India Only" tvg-logo="https://qqcdnpictest.mxplay.com/pic/7083.ZoomOnNews.in/en/1x1/208x208/test_pic1599546034201.jpg",Zoomon News
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7083.ZoomOnNews.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh REQUESTED | CHANNELS" tvg-logo="https://assets.thehansindia.com/h-upload/2020/10/02/1003012-svbc.jpg",SVBC 2
https://player.mslivestream.net/tamil/ac206e74d75b285755ee4924df87d951.sdp/tamil/svbc21/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Flix | Movies" tvg-logo="https://static.epg.best/kr/Animax.kr.png",Animax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Flix | Movies" tvg-logo="https://static.epg.best/ph/Cinemax.ph.png",Cinemax
https://liveorigin01.hbogoasia.com:8443/origin/live/main/MAX/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 ,
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels",Rasi Hindi
http://singamcloud.in:1935/rasinetwork/rasihindi/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels",Bonus HD
http://singamcloud.in:1935/bonushd/bonushd/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels",Adutha Thalaimurai
http://singamcloud.in:1935/aduthathalaimurai/aduthathalaimurai/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/7 Star.png",7Star TV
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/live/7star/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/sana hd0000.png",Sana TV
http://7starcloud.com:1935/sanatv/sanatv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://threetamil.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/3-tamil.png",3 Tamil TV
https://6n3yogbnd9ok-hls-live.5centscdn.com/threetamil/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/PNG.png",Sana Plus
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/live/sanatv2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://www.vendharmedia.in/images/logo.png",Vendhar TV
https://m-c06-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7077.VendarTV.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://madhimugam.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/MDM-LOGO-2.gif",Madhimugam Tv
http://7starcloud.com:1935/madhimugamtv/madhimugamtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7startv.in/prakalya.png",Prakalya TV
http://7starcloud.com:1935/pragalya/pragalyatv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/Mac Size Photos copy.jpg",Arunai TV
http://7starcloud.com:1935/live/arunaitv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/OMTV LOGO copy.png",OM Tv(Omalur)
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/omtv/livestream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7startv.in/aarishvfx_00082.png",Udhayam TV
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/harimedia/live3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/gta.jpg",GTA Tamil TV
http://142.44.213.115:8888/gta_tamil/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/Anandha 4k_00031.png",Anandha Tv
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/anandhatv/anandhatvlive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/2 box copy131.png",Kavai TV
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/anandhatv/kavaitv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/faa81f26-b014-46af-946a-4dc4864172ca.jpg",Malligai TV
http://jaaltv.livebox.co.in/malligaihls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/logo 512x512 2.png",OM TV
http://7starcloud.com:1935/omtv/omtv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/sirippoli-tv-black.png",Siripooli TV
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kalaignarsirippoli/Live/Channel(Kalaignarsirippoli)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://www.polimernews.com/assets/images/publisher-new.png",Polimer News
https://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/polimernews.smil/chunklist_b1800000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://www.thanthitv.com/Images/TTV-800x800.png",Thanthi TV
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/thanthi-origin/liveabr/thanthi-origin/live1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/NB.png",News18 Tamilnadu
https://news18tamil-lh.akamaihd.net/i/n18tamil_1@526595/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="http://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/news7tamil-black.png",News7 Tamil
https://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/tamilnews7.smil/chunklist_b1000000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/kalaignar-tv-black.png",Kalaignar TV
http://103.199.161.254/Content/kalaignartv/Live/Channel(KalaignarTV)/Stream(01)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://www.mktelevision.com/images/logo.png",Mk TV
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktv/Live/Channel(MKTV)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://vasanth.tv/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/VASANTH-TV-LOGO-FINAL-1.png",Vasanth TV
https://vasanth.live-s.cdn.bitgravity.com/cdn-live/_definst_/vasanth/secure/live/feed01/chunklist_w1222262888.m3u8?e=0&h=54e44f64b2e6d5122acdf77d01ab7f9f
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/3/3f/Vasantham2008.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20190810160718",Vasantham TV(Singapore)
https://tglmp03.akamaized.net/out/v1/230bc7050839446b87c86268df536ab6/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://www.lycatv.tv/img/upload/contents/channelpage/channels/120537591455517270-56c16e5608bd2.png",Santhora TV
http://santhoratv.zecast.net/santhoratv/santhoratv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/Srisankara-tv-logo.png",Sankara TV
http://8noro432dm6g-hls-live.wmncdn.net/Sri/a5518065f47332dad6b509920c827474.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Local Channels" tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/Madha_TV-black.png",Madha TV
http://103.109.45.5:1935/madhatv/madhatv.stream_HDp/chunklist_w1901270032.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Tirumalai TV KARUR
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/tirumalaitv/stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Local" tvg-logo="http://mntv.in/style/images/logo-dark.png",Marutam TV
http://mntv.livebox.co.in/mntvhls/mntv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="http://santhora.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/header-logo-anim.gif",Santhora TV
http://rtmp.santhoratv.zecast.net/santhoratv/santhoratv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Local" tvg-logo="http://www.rajtvnet.in/Raj_Net/Bottom_Scroller_Logo/Tamil_Rajtv.png",Raj TV
http://103.199.161.254/Content/rajtv/Live/Channel(RajTV)/Stream(01)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/MHH6UNS.png",Thanthi TV
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/thanthi-origin/liveabr/thanthi-origin/live2/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="http://nammaoorutv.com/dashboard/upicons/IMG-20200909-WA0076.jpg",Faith tv
http://faithtvlive.livebox.co.in/faithtvhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="http://nammaoorutv.com/dashboard/upicons/IMG-20191229-WA0002.jpg",Kavin tv
http://site1.ultramaxnet.com/client/hls/namma-ooru-tv/kavintv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="http://nammaoorutv.com/dashboard/upicons/images (30).png",Mk tv
http://103.199.160.85:80/Content/mktv/Live/Channel(MKTV)/Stream(01)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="http://nammaoorutv.com/dashboard/upicons/Logo Bg_00000.png",Palaru tv
http://account13.livebox.co.in/palartvhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="http://nammaoorutv.com/dashboard/upicons/images (99).jpeg",Polimer news
http://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com:80/versewsa/live/polimernews.smil/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="http://nammaoorutv.com/dashboard/upicons/Screenshot_20200908-234711~2.png",Tamilan tv
http://media.7starcloud.com:1935/harimedia/live1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/8/87/Jaya_HD.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20200817140538",Jaya TV HD
http://uk4.zecast.com:1935/star-live/jaya/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Entertainment" tvg-logo="http://www.mycapitaltv.com/images/CapitalTVlogo.gif",Capital TV
http://89.187.162.89:80/Capital_TV-LIVE/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/c/cf/Imayam.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/160?cb=20191226095327",Imayam TV
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/imayamtv_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/7/7e/DD_Podhigai.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/195?cb=20190725130439",DD Podhigai
https://m-c15-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/0250.DDPodhigai.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/svGc_Z5HrkV891tSkXNRPKa0Y0JHBt6GqluN9AuHdOtv9PgryBuZZWxC7sK2CYmrFSo=s180-rw",Anandam UTV Madurai
http://nextgeninfotech.ddns.net:8080/utv/utv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/Qdg8nHLM/newcanvas-1619629207647-1619856355574.png",Anandam Akash TV(Madura TV)
http://nextgeninfotech.ddns.net:8080/akash/akash.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnhH8PhAig492qs3GAszfp3fAAttCelnrLpqi1P9=s48-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",Anandam Abi TV Madurai
http://nextgeninfotech.ddns.net:8080/abi/abi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Music" tvg-logo="http://www.mycapitaltv.com/images/Musiclogo.gif",Capital Music
http://89.187.162.89:80/Capital_Music/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil Local;Music" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8cC2P039/Screenshot-2021-04-28-14-39-13-473-org-videolan-vlc-1619602042079.png",TDCTO (Apple Music)
http://live.singamcloud.in:1935/applemusic/applemusic/chunklist_w792788465.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Music" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/4a/Tunes_6_Music.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20191226090849",Tunes 6
https://m-c18-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/3731.Tunes6.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Devotional" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/L4GVLBr6/Screenshot-2021-05-29-19-24-58-141-com-mxtech-videoplayer-ad-1622296600821.png",Deepam TV
https://cdn.rjdigilink.in/deepamtv/livetv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Devotional" tvg-logo="http://www.mycapitaltv.com/images/Tharisanamlogo.gif",Capital Dharisanam
http://89.187.162.89:80/Capital_Tharisanam/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;News" tvg-logo="https://imga.androidappsapk.co/5zCwyOg7J4c6f4nVPZKTLFnP9vRlE44COxiWVFHncNnWs1N5TM8B-smWEu20EIFd8g=s300",Kalaignar Seithigal
https://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live//kalaignar_tv.smil/chunklist_b500000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;News" tvg-logo="http://www.mycapitaltv.com/images/bv05892.gif",Capital News
http://89.187.162.89:80/Capital_NEWS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Kids" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/dc/2016_Discovery_Kids_logo.svg/220px-2016_Discovery_Kids_logo.svg.png",Discovery Kids English
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverykidseng_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil International;Kids" tvg-logo="https://assets.ibcstack.com/web/1.0/img/services/kids.png",IBC Kids
https://tx1.ibctamil.tv/CDN_IBC_Kids/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Tamil;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://exchange4media.gumlet.io/news-photo/112293-DTamillogo.jpg?format=webp&w=750&dpr=1.0",D Tamil
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverytamil_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh International;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/f/f8/DiscoveryChannel%28India%29Logo.png/220px-DiscoveryChannel%28India%29Logo.png",Discovery Science
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverscienceeng_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/20/2018_Animal_Planet_logo.svg/220px-2018_Animal_Planet_logo.svg.png",Animal Planet
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/aphd_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/Discovery_Turbo.png/200px-Discovery_Turbo.png",Discovery Turbo
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/turboeng_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh International;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/1/1d/Love_Nature_TV.png/170px-Love_Nature_TV.png",Love Nature
http://bamus-eng-roku.amagi.tv/playlist1080p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh International;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://mst3k.com/userFiles/uploads/logos/mstlogo.png",Mystery Science
https://mst3k-stirr-us.amagi.tv/playlistR720P.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh International;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b4/NASA_TV.svg/1200px-NASA_TV.svg.png",NASA Media TV
https://ntv2.akamaized.net/hls/live/2013923/NASA-NTV2-HLS/master_2000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh International;Infotainment" tvg-logo="http://clipart-library.com/images/8TAb9LgGc.jpg",NASA TV
https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master_2000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh International;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/88a440255269e1782103522844732107d34aa120f27dedf0c2339f9e6e2ae72b.png",Adventure Sports
https://dai2.xumo.com/amagi_hls_data_xumo1212A-adventuresportsnetwork/CDN/768x432_1200000/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh International;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c2/Docurama_Logo_August_2015.jpg/220px-Docurama_Logo_August_2015.jpg",DocuRama
https://cinedigm.vo.llnwd.net/conssui/amagi_hls_data_xumo1234A-docuramaA/CDN/1920x1080_4528000/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/1/1f/Food_Food.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20190307145616",Food Food
https://m-c07-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/7005.FoodFoodChannel.in_480p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh International;Infotainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/74/TLC_Logo.svg/200px-TLC_Logo.svg.png",TLC HD
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/tlchdhindi_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/40/MBC_Bollywood_TV_Channel_Logo.png/220px-MBC_Bollywood_TV_Channel_Logo.png",MBC Bollywood
https://shls-mbcbollywood-prod-dub.shahid.net/out/v1/a79c9d7ef2a64a54a64d5c4567b3462a/index_3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh India; Hindi Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnhYqFZGxRzP5WbWv_HlFvzEgMGYtgQ2lMzH6KrgUw=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",Zoom
http://zoomweblive-lh.akamaihd.net/i/Zoomweb_1@348071/index_720_av-b.m3u8?sd=10&rebase=on
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh India; Hindi Music" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/8/81/9xm_red.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20210508163434",9xm
http://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/9XM/9XM.isml/9XM-audio_208482_und=208000-video=877600.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh India; English News" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/Times_Now_2010.png",Times Now HD
https://timesnow-lh.akamaihd.net/i/TNHD_1@129288/index_480_av-b.m3u8?sd=10&rebase=on
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh India; English News" tvg-logo="https://bestmediainfo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/Mirror_Now-new_9.jpg",Mirror Now
https://mbnowweb-lh.akamaihd.net/i/MRN_1@346545/index_576_av-b.m3u8?sd=10&rebase=on
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh India; English News" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRdxLelPwXy9hC058K6tQkrFAT7sY_2lLzCdQ&usqp=CAU",India Today
https://indiatodaylive.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014320-b/indiatoday/indiatodaylive/indiatoday_5/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh India; English BusinessNews" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rhkI95a.png",ET Now
http://etnowweblive-lh.akamaihd.net/i/ETN_1@348070/index_576_av-b.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Malayalam Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-lxcJENlj8AQ/WI9XpVuPQKI/AAAAAAAADTk/cPv3FfXtuyc4gmVzNXRqSMGMOw9GOt8vwCLcB/s1600/ut.png",ACV Utsav
https://acv.asianetmobiletvplus.com/webstreams/021c9292219a98f899a7b74f0f34baa7.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Malayalam;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/6/61/Kerala_Vision.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/240?cb=20191228094530",Kerala Vision
http://103.199.161.254/Content/keralavision/Live/Channel(Keralavision)/Stream(01)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Malayalam;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://m4tv.com.au/assests/images/logo.png",M4 Malayalam Australia
http://app.m4stream.live/mfourmalayalamhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Malayalam Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/cLwtmx4x/onetv.png",One TV
http://137.59.86.218:1935/live/onetv/chunklist_w439742991.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Malayalam Local;Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://utvpkd.in/assets/img/logo.png",UTV Palakkad
http://live.wmncdn.net:80/utv/ab2de115318ae40bdd434e193a2f2e7f.sdp/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English;Sports",Test 3
http://45.87.29.50:25461/live/307201171111/307201171111/83952.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English;Sports",Test 4
http://istreamtv.fun/vdn/thirai/m3u8.php?token=WVZaT01HTnRWbWhpVmxKWFdERkNjMWxZYkhOaFdFNHdXREZTZG1FeVZuVlBhVUpWVkRCMFJsUnFiMmRPYlVwcFdrZE5NVTF0U1hkWlZHc3lXVlJLYkU1SFRteE5la2wzVFhwU2FFNXRTbWhPYWxsNldtMVZlRTU2U1hwTk1rNXBUVlJSZUZscVozbE5WR016VGtSR2ExcHFTbWxhUjFsM1RrUmFiRTFYUm1oTmVteHNXa1JSTkZwcVpHbE9SRmsxVFhwQk1VOUVZekpPYWtWNVdrZE5NMDE2VW1oTmVtZDVUVWRhYlU5WFNYcGFiVkV6VFZSQk1rMVhVbWhOVjBVMFdtcFZkMDFFUlhwYVYxSnM=&remote=2405:201:e008:c0d0:68d4:ceb4:a392:5a4c&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English;Sports",Test 5
http://bmlive.net:8000/Raja/rajacbe/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English;Sports",Test 6
http://bmlive.net:8000/kktdctv/kktdctv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://d2jo35ozacw6sq.cloudfront.net/wp-content/themes/tv9kannada/images/Tv9-Kannada-57x57.png",ಟಿವಿ೯ ಕನ್ನಡ TV9 (720p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/tv9kannada-origin/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wdE7gxU.png",ದಿಗ್ವಿಜಯ ಸುದ್ದಿ Dighvijay (240p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/dighvijay-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Music" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/35/Public_Music_Kannada_Channel_Logo.jpg",ಪಬ್ಲಿಕ್ ಸಂಗೀತ Public Music (576p)
http://103.199.161.254/Content/publicmusic/Live/Channel(PublicMusic)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh News" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4b/Suvarna_News_New_Logo.jpg",ಸುವರ್ಣ ಸುದ್ದಿ 24×7 Suvarna (360p)
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/suvarna-origin/liveabr/suvarna-origin/live1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/smstv.webp",SMS TV Tisaiyanvillai
http://singamcloud.in:1935/smstvtsy/smstvtsy/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/152.png",VIP HD
http://bmlive.net:8000/gtv/gtv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/145.png",Digital TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/digitaltv/digitaltv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/161.png",Krubai TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/kirubaitv/kirubaitv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/125.png",Ladhee TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/ladheetv/ladheetv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/124.png",SJS TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/sjstv/sjstv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/111.png",Penguin TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/penguintv/penguintv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/109.png",Vasanth TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/vasanthtvngl/vasanthtvngl/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/110.png",SMYRNA TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/smyrnatv/smyrnatv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/89.png",Selfie TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/selfeetv/selfeetv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/jeevaoli.webp",JeevaOli TV
http://jaeppiyar.livebox.co.in/jeevaolitvhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL",TDCTO
http://live.singamcloud.in:1935/applemusic/applemusic/chunklist_w422916913.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/90.png",KL My TV
http://bmlive.net:8000/mytvtn/mytv/bms.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/tamilcloud/uploads/images/channel_IMG58756.png",Sharvesh 7Star TV
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/sharvesh/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/tamilcloud/uploads/images/channel_IMG53656.png",SR MUSIX
http://hdserver.7starcloud.com:1935/srmusix/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/mptv.webp",MP TV
http://nextgeninfotech.ddns.net:8080/mptv/mptv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh JOKER CLOUD TAMIL" tvg-logo="https://tavapi.inditechman.com/extras/images/1602587859_1598793299_mirrorcopy.jpg",Mirror Now
http://mbnowweb-lh.akamaihd.net/i/MRN_1@346545/index_576_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Makkah Live1
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/saudi_sunnah/hls1/saudi_sunnah.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,IIT Course
https://msllive.yuppcdn.net/live/yuppsportsind/hls/live/2004030/ymcc12thiity/ymcc12thiity/playlist/master.m3u8?e=2&Auth_Token=ad4ab5ced8688891fb20082b90c3fe87cdf08d40
#EXTINF:-1 ,Neet Course
https://msllive.yuppcdn.net/live/yuppsportsind/hls/live/2004030/ymcc12thneety/ymcc12thneety/playlist/master.m3u8?e=5&Auth_Token=ad4ab5ced8688891fb20082b90c3fe87cdf08d40
#EXTINF:-1 ,Discovery Tamil
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverytamil.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Sun Music Tamil
http://uk1.zecast.com:1935/star-live/smusic/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,JayaTV Tamil
http://uk4.zecast.com:1935/star-live/jaya/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,MK TV
http://103.199.160.85/Content/mktv/Live/Channel(MKTV)/Stream(01)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Captain TV
http://103.199.160.85/Content/captain/Live/Channel(Captain)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,VAANAVIL TV(Tamil)
https://6n3yope4d9ok-hls-live.5centscdn.com/vaanavil/TV.stream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,IMAYAM TV(Tamil)
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/imayamtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,MOON TV1(Tamil)
http://player.mslivestream.net/mslive/e10bb900976df9177b9a080314f26f86.sdp/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,NEWS 18 Tamil
http://news18tamil-lh.akamaihd.net:80/i/n18tamil_1@526595/index_5_av-p.m3u8?sd=10&rebase=on
#EXTINF:-1 ,THANTHI TV Tamil
http://vidcdn.vidgyor.com:80/thanthi-origin/liveabr/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,NEWS J Tamil
https://versewsa.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/versewsa/live/amlst:newsj_,b256,b512,b1024,b1824,.smil/chunklist_b1024000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Asianet News Tamil
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/ptm-origin/aslive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,DAN TAMIL(INTL)
https://askmedia.livebox.co.in/DANTAMILOLIhls/1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,GTA TV HD(INTL)
http://142.44.213.115:8888//gta_tamil//index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,3Tamil TV
https://j78dp3o6yq5r-hls-live.5centscdn.com/threetamil1/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Aathavan Music HD(INTL)
https://mhdtvapp.xyz/yupp/yupp.php?c=athavan-music-hd&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Tamil One
https://mhdtvapp.xyz/yupp/yupp.php?c=tamil-one&e=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Yupp Tamil
http://119.81.82.28:80/encoded/yuppthirai_800/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,MN MUSIC HD(Local)
http://mntv.livebox.co.in/musichls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Vaigai TV(Local)
http://account9.livebox.co.in:80/vaigaitvhls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Kavin TV(Local)
http://site1.ultramaxnet.com:80/client/hls/namma-ooru-tv/kavintv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,N TV(Local)
http://cdn.live5.in:1935/live/ntv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Xperss TV(Local)
http://nextgeninfotech.ddns.net:8080/xpres/xpres.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",AXN ID (Movies)
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h141/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",KIX (Movies)
http://210.210.155.35/session/e269237c-7e3d-11e8-a249-b82a72d63267/uq2663/h/h07/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",HITS (Movies)
http://210.210.155.35:80/uq2663/h/h37/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",K+ (Movies)
http://210.210.155.35:80/uq2663/h/h08/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",SONY GEM (Movies)
http://210.210.155.35:80/uq2663/h/h19/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",Filmrise Crime (Movies)
https://dai2.xumo.com/xumocdn/p=roku/amagi_hls_data_xumo1212A-filmrisecrime/CDN/640x432_2500000/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",Celestial Movies (Movies)
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s33/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",Groovy (Movies)
http://web.onair-radio.eu:1935/groovytv/groovytv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",Kuriakos Cine (Movies)
http://c2.manasat.com:1935/kcine/kcine3/FluxusTV.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",Movie Kingdom (Movies)
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/e9b4093a41/+0000/high/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",Netmax TV (Movies)
http://live.netmaxtv.com:8080/live/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",TV BNO (Movies)
http://tv02.logicahost.com.br:1935/bonner/bonner/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.linkpicture.com/q/1_228.jpg",Wixlar (Movies)
http://web.onair-radio.eu:1935/wixlar/wixlar/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi",ABP News
http://hindiabp-lh.akamaihd.net/i/hindiabp1new_1@192103/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Apna Punjab
http://cdn5.live247stream.com/apnapunjab/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",BBC Toronto
http://start.agmediachandigarh.com/gaundapunjab/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Canada One
http://cdn8.live247stream.com/canadaone/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Channel Y
http://cdn19.live247stream.com/channely/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Cine Voice
http://live.wmncdn.net/cinevoice/508a8ec9dfdb9c61df9823aac272b719.sdp/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi",Desi Beats HD
http://cdn7.live247stream.com/desibeats/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Desi Plus
http://cdn2.live247stream.com/desiplus/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh English",Fashion TV Midnite
https://fash1043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_ftv_midnite_k1y_27049_midnite_secr_108_hls.smil/chunklist_b2800000_t64NzIwcA==.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Marathi",News 18 Lokmat
http://ibn_lokmat_hls-lh.akamaihd.net/i/ibn_lokmat_hls_n_1@178974/index_5.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Malayalam",News 18 Malayalam
https://kerala_nws18_hls-lh.akamaihd.net/i/kerala_news18_hls_1@526583/index_5_av-p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Hindi",News 24
https://vidcdn.vidgyor.com/news24-origin/liveabr/news24-origin/live1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Prime Canada TV
http://cdn27.live247stream.com/primecanada/247/primecanada/stream1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",PTN 24
http://cdn.samtv.ca/ptv24/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",PTV Pardesi
http://stream.pardesitv.online/pardesi/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Punjab TV
http://cdn9.live247stream.com/punjabitvcanada/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Saint TV
http://159.203.9.134/hls/saint_tv/saint_tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Sanjha Punjab
http://toronto3.live247stream.com:8081/sanjhapunjab/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Sardari TV
http://158.69.124.9:1935/sardaritv/sardaritv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Steelbird Music
http://cdn25.live247stream.com/steelbirdmusic/tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sneh Punjabi",Subrang TV USA
http://cdn61.liveonlineservices.com/hls/subrang.m3u8
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5597
#EXTINF:-1,9XM IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/4009
#EXTINF:-1,& Pictures IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10622
#EXTINF:-1,9X Tashan IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10617
#EXTINF:-1,ABP News IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3998
#EXTINF:-1,Asianet Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5577
#EXTINF:-1,Asianet News IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5578
#EXTINF:-1,Asianet Plus IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5576
#EXTINF:-1,Anand IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10595
#EXTINF:-1,Aaj Tak News IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/11294
#EXTINF:-1,Aastha TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/11297
#EXTINF:-1,B4U Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672302
#EXTINF:-1,B4U Music IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3993
#EXTINF:-1,B4u+ IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672304
#EXTINF:-1,B4u kadak IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672305
#EXTINF:-1,ATN Bangla IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10610
#EXTINF:-1,Movie Bangla IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10613
#EXTINF:-1,Bollywood Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/4007
#EXTINF:-1,Chardikla Time TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5563
#EXTINF:-1,Colors [UK] FHD VIP IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672308
#EXTINF:-1,Colors HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/651513
#EXTINF:-1,Colors [B] HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5579
#EXTINF:-1,Desi Channel Punjabi IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/4005
#EXTINF:-1,Deepto IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10624
#EXTINF:-1,Dhoom Music IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10599
#EXTINF:-1,India Today IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5561
#EXTINF:-1,India TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5562
#EXTINF:-1,Independent TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10600
#EXTINF:-1,Jaya Max USA IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5582
#EXTINF:-1,Jaya Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5581
#EXTINF:-1,Jaya Plus IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5580
#EXTINF:-1,Jamuna TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10601
#EXTINF:-1,Jaya TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5583
#EXTINF:-1,KTV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5560
#EXTINF:-1,Living Foodz IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10612
#EXTINF:-1,MTV India IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5556
#EXTINF:-1,M Tunes IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5584
#EXTINF:-1,Maa Gold IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5586
#EXTINF:-1,Maa Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5585
#EXTINF:-1,Movies OK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5558
#EXTINF:-1,MTV Beats IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5557
#EXTINF:-1,Mohona TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10587
#EXTINF:-1,NTV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10602
#EXTINF:-1,NTV Europe IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10603
#EXTINF:-1,NDTV 24x7 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/19491
#EXTINF:-1,NTV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10589
#EXTINF:-1,PTC Chakde IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5553
#EXTINF:-1,PTC News Punjabi IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5555
#EXTINF:-1,PTC Punjabi Gold IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5554
#EXTINF:-1,Raj Digital Plus IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5551
#EXTINF:-1,Raj Musix IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5550
#EXTINF:-1,Raj News 24x7 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5549
#EXTINF:-1,Raj TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5552
#EXTINF:-1,Rishtey Color IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/11295
#EXTINF:-1,Rishtey Europe IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/11296
#EXTINF:-1,RTV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10626
#EXTINF:-1,Santhora TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5564
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Saab FHD VIP IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672322
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Saab TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3987
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Sab (UK) IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672323
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Set Max FHD IN VIP
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672324
#EXTINF:-1,Sony MIX HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3988
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Max IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3990
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Max 2 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3989
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Max UK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672321
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Pix HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10607
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Pix IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10606
#EXTINF:-1,Sony [UK] HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10609
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Six HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3985
#EXTINF:-1,Sony HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5574
#EXTINF:-1,Sony TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3984
#EXTINF:-1,Sony TV UK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/13175
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Six IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5548
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Ten 1 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672325
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Ten 2 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672444
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Ten 3 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672445
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Waha FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672446
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Pal FHD VIP IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/676908
#EXTINF:-1,Star Plus HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672450
#EXTINF:-1,Star Plus [UK] IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/13174
#EXTINF:-1,Star Gold HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3983
#EXTINF:-1,Star Jalsha IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3982
#EXTINF:-1,Star Movies HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3981
#EXTINF:-1,Star Movies IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672448
#EXTINF:-1,Star Sports 1 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3979
#EXTINF:-1,Star Sports 2 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/397844
#EXTINF:-1,Star Sports 3 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3977
#EXTINF:-1,Star Bharat IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5544
#EXTINF:-1,Star Bharat (UK) IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672447
#EXTINF:-1,Star Vijay IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5545
#EXTINF:-1,Sun Music IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3975
#EXTINF:-1,Sun TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3974
#EXTINF:-1,Sun TV [US] IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3973
#EXTINF:-1,Somoy News TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10605
#EXTINF:-1,Ten 1 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3972
#EXTINF:-1,Ten 2 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5589
#EXTINF:-1,Ten 3 HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5590
#EXTINF:-1,Ten Sports IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10608
#EXTINF:-1,UTV Movies HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5542
#EXTINF:-1,UTV Movies US IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10615
#EXTINF:-1,UTV Bindas IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5541
#EXTINF:-1,Willow IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10631
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/4002
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3967
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3968
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema (USA) IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672452
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Cinema Inter IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/4001
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Action HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3971
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Anmol Cinema IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/3970
#EXTINF:-1,Zee TV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672459
#EXTINF:-1,Zee TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/4000
#EXTINF:-1,Zee TV US HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/20912
#EXTINF:-1,Zee TV UK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672458
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Bangla IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5592
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Business IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5570
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Bollywood IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5565
#EXTINF:-1,Zee ETC Bollywood IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5539
#EXTINF:-1,Zee News IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672455
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Punjabi IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5571
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Telugu IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5593
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Alwan IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/10630
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Living HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672453
#EXTINF:-1,ZEE living (USA) IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672454
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Rajasthan HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672456
#EXTINF:-1,Zee Theatre HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672457
#EXTINF:-1,Zing IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5596
#EXTINF:-1,Zing UK IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5595
#EXTINF:-1,Zoom IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/5538
#EXTINF:-1,MTA 3 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/624945
#EXTINF:-1,&TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672296
#EXTINF:-1,1st India News HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672297
#EXTINF:-1,9XM Musci IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672298
#EXTINF:-1,Aastha TV [UK] IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672299
#EXTINF:-1,Animal Planet IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672301
#EXTINF:-1,CNBC TV 18 IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672306
#EXTINF:-1,DD National IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672310
#EXTINF:-1,Epic HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672313
#EXTINF:-1,Food Food HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672314
#EXTINF:-1,Nazrana Music HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672317
#EXTINF:-1,NDTV News HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672318
#EXTINF:-1,NDTV Profit IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672319
#EXTINF:-1,POP Music HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672320
#EXTINF:-1,TLC IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/672451
#EXTINF:-1,Vision Punjab TV FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/676906
#EXTINF:-1,Sahara Filmy IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/676909
#EXTINF:-1,Sanskar TV IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690413
#EXTINF:-1,Zee 24 Kalak IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690415
#EXTINF:-1,Colors Gujarati SD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690416
#EXTINF:-1,DD Girnar IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690417
#EXTINF:-1,Sandesh News FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690418
#EXTINF:-1,ABP Asmita FHD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690419
#EXTINF:-1,Kalupur Mandir HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690420
#EXTINF:-1,CNBC Bajar IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690421
#EXTINF:-1,GS TV HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/690422
#EXTINF:-1,Prime Asia HD IN
http://ipflix.click:8080/gqm7u89j5c/oc5pnra1av/693004
#EXTM3U url-tvg="http://botallen.live/epg.xml.gz"
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Color_Cineplex_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Colors Cineplex HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Cineplex_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Colors Kannada Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Kannada_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD National 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_National&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Sony HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SAB_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Sony SAB HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_SAB_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SAB.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Sony SAB 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_SAB&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/And_TV_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",And TV HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=And_TV_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_TV_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee TV HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_TV_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Anmol.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Anmol 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Anmol&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rishtey.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Rishtey 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Rishtey&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pal.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Sony Pal 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Pal&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ID.PNG" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Investigation Discovery 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ID&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Arre.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Arre HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Arre&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dangal.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Dangal 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dangal&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Kisan.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",DD Kisan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Kisan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Infinity_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Infinity HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Infinity_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Comedy_Central_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Comedy Central HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Comedy_Central_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Sports HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Sports&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Science.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",India Science 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_Science&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Cricket English HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Cricket&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Cricket Hindi HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Cricket_Hindi&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Hindi_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football Hindi HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_Hindi_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyan_Brikshya.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Gyan Brikshya 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Gyan_Brikshya&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_1_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Cricket 1 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Cricket_1_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_2_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Cricket 2 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Cricket_2_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Esports_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",JioGames HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Esports_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Max_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Sony Max HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Max_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Malayalam_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football Malayalam HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_Malayalam_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Bangali_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football Bengali HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_Bangali_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_4_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Cricket 4 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Cricket_4_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinema_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Zee Cinema HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Cinema_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_Tamil_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football Tamil HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_Tamil_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Zee Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_1.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football 1 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_1&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Cricket_3.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Cricket 3 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Cricket_3&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_2.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football 2 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_2&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_3.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football 3 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_3&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_4.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football 4 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_4&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Classic.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Zee Bollywood 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Classic&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/And_Pictures_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",And Pictures HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=And_Pictures_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Action.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Zee Action 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Action&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Movies.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",B4U Movies 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=B4U_Movies&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_MAX2.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Sony MAX2 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_MAX2&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Enterr_10.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Enterr 10 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Enterr_10&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Cineplex.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Colors Cineplex 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Cineplex&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Anmol_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Zee Anmol Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Anmol_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Box_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Box Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Box_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maha_Movies.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Maha Movies 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Maha_Movies&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pix_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Sony Pix HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Pix_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hi_Dost.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Hi Dost! 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Hi_Dost&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/K_News_India.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",K News India 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=K_News_India&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DNN.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",DNN 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DNN&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Sports.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",DD Sports 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Sports&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Ten 1 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ten_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_1.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Ten 1 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ten_1&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten2_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Ten 2 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ten2_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_2.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Ten 2 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ten_2&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten3_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Ten 3 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ten3_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_3.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Ten 3 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ten_3&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Six_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Sony Six HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Six_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Six_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Sony Six SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Six_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dsports.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Eurosport 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dsports&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dsports_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Eurosport HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dsports_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manjari_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Manjari TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Manjari_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HHDL.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",HHDL 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=HHDL&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Top_Tutor.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Top Tutor 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Top_Tutor&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RT_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",RT TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=RT_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Reporter_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Reporter TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Reporter_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_KIDS.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Jio KIDS 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_KIDS&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Primary.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Utkarsh Primary 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Utkarsh_Primary&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Middle.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Utkarsh HSBTE 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Utkarsh_Middle&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Secondary.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Utkarsh Secondary 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Utkarsh_Secondary&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Utkarsh_Higher.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Utkarsh Higher 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Utkarsh_Higher&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shiksha_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Shiksha TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Shiksha_TV&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janapriyam_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Janapriyam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Janapriyam_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Moti_Doongri.png" group-title="JIOTV-JioDarshan",Shree Ganesh - Moti Doongri Jaipur 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Moti_Doongri&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Daijiworld_TV_24X7.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Daijiworld TV 24x7 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Daijiworld_TV_24X7&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_J.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News J 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_J&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",DD News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_News_India.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ABP News India 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ABP_News_India&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_India.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",NDTV India 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=NDTV_India&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aaj_Tak.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Aaj Tak 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aaj_Tak&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_24.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News 24 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_24&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBN_7.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News 18 India 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=IBN_7&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_SANGAM.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee Hindustan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_SANGAM&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_news.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India news 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_news&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Ganga.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ABP Ganga 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ABP_Ganga&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Nation.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News Nation 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_Nation&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Euro_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Euro News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Euro_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Total_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Total TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Total_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Live_Today.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Live Today 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Live_Today&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahara_Samay_Rastriya.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sahara Samay Rastriya 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sahara_Samay_Rastriya&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_Haryana.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India News Haryana 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_News_Haryana&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Taaza_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Taaza TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Taaza_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samachar_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Samachar Plus 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Samachar_Plus&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Living_India_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Living India News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Living_India_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sudarshan.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sudarshan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sudarshan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kashish_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Kashish News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kashish_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SMBC_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",SMBC TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=SMBC_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SAHARA_SAMAY_MP.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",SAHARA SAMAY MP 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=SAHARA_SAMAY_MP&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SAHARA_SAMAY_UP.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",SAHARA SAMAY UP 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=SAHARA_SAMAY_UP&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhna_News_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sadhna News Plus 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sadhna_News_Plus&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahara_Samay_Bihar.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sahara Samay Bihar 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sahara_Samay_Bihar&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samay_Rajasthan.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Samay Rajasthan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Samay_Rajasthan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/JK_24x7_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",JK 24x7 News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=JK_24x7_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pratidin_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Pratidin Time 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Pratidin_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mh_One_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Mh One News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Mh_One_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_UP.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India News UP 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_News_UP&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_State_UK_UP.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News State UK UP 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_State_UK_UP&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_MP.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India News MP 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_News_MP&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_News_Rajasthan.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India News Rajasthan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_News_Rajasthan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Swadesh_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Swadesh News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Swadesh_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janta_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Janta TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Janta_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Living_Foodz.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee UP UK 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Living_Foodz&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lokshahi_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Lokshahi News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Lokshahi_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Voice.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India Voice 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_Voice&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/evidya_12.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",PM e Vidya 12 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=evidya_12&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hindi_Khabar.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Hindi Khabar 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Hindi_Khabar&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jan_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Jan TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jan_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_India_24_X_7.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News India 24x7 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_India_24_X_7&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tez.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Good News Today 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Tez&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Business.png" group-title="JIOTV-Business",Zee Business 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Business&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Awaaz.png" group-title="JIOTV-Business",CNBC Awaaz 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CNBC_Awaaz&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Loksabha_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sansad TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Loksabha_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Rajyasabha.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sansad TV HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Rajyasabha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_24x7.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",NDTV 24x7 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=NDTV_24x7&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Today.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India Today 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_Today&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNN_NEWS_18.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",CNN NEWS 18 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CNN_NEWS_18&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_X.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News X 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_X&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Wion.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Wion 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Wion&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Republic_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Republic TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Republic_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_India.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD India 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_India&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_Profit.png" group-title="JIOTV-Business",NDTV Profit 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=NDTV_Profit&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Tv18_Prime_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Business",CNBC Tv18 Prime HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CNBC_Tv18_Prime_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Tv_18.png" group-title="JIOTV-Business",CNBC Tv 18 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CNBC_Tv_18&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNN.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",CNN 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CNN&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/BBC_World_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",BBC World News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=BBC_World_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/sonic_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sonic Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=sonic_Hindi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AL_Jazeera.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",AL Jazeera 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=AL_Jazeera&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Channel_News_Asia_International.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Channel News Asia International 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Channel_News_Asia_International&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/France_24.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",France 24 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=France_24&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_5_Monde.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",TV5 Monde 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TV_5_Monde&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/dw.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",dw 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=dw&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Kids_2.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Discovery Kids 2 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_Kids_2&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Kannada.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sonic Kannada 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sonic_Kannada&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sonic Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sonic_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Malayalam.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick Malayalam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_Malayalam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Bangla.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick Bangla 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_Bangla&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Marathi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick Marathi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_Marathi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",CN HD+ Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CN_HD_Tamil&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Cartoon Network Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Cartoon_Network_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Pogo Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Pogo_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/sonic_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",sonic Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=sonic_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sony Yay Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Yay_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Kids_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Discovery Kids Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_Kids_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Kannada.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick Kannada 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_Kannada&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",CN HD+ Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CN_HD_Telugu&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Cartoon Network Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Cartoon_Network_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_Hindi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sony Yay Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Yay_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CN_HD_English.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",CN HD+ English 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CN_HD_English&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Cartoon_Network_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Cartoon Network Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Cartoon_Network_Hindi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_HD_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick HD+ 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_HD_Plus&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Pogo Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Pogo_Hindi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nickelodeon.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nickelodeon 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nickelodeon&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Malayalam.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sonic Malayalam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sonic_Malayalam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Bangla.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sonic Bangla 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sonic_Bangla&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sonic_Marathi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sonic Marathi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sonic_Marathi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nick_Junior.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nick Junior 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nick_Junior&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nickelodeon_Jr.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Nickelodeon Jr. 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nickelodeon_Jr&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Yay_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Sony Yay Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Yay_Hindi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_HD_World.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Discovery HD World 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_HD_World&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Discovery 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",D Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_Channel_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Animal Planet HD World 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Animal_Planet_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_English.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Animal Planet English 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Animal_Planet_English&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Science.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Discovery Science 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_Science&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",History TV18 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=History_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",History TV18 HD Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=History_18_Hindi&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Sony BBC Earth HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Epic_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Epic 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Epic_HD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_HD_World.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",TLC HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TLC_HD_World&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_English.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",TLC English 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TLC_English&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TLC_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",TLC Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TLC_Hindi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NDTV_Good_Times.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",GOOD TiMES 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=NDTV_Good_Times&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhguru_Television.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Sadhguru Television HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sadhguru_Television&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Turbo.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Discovery Turbo 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_Turbo&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",Travel XP HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Travel_XP_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_Teacher.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",TV Teacher 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TV_Teacher&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",Travel XP HD Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Travel_XP&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Food_Food.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",Food Food 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Food_Food&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Care_World.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Care World 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Care_World&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_HD_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Animal Planet HD Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Animal_Planet_HD_Tamil&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Parmarth_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Parmarth TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Parmarth_TV&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Events.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Jio Events HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Events&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Exclusive.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Jio Exclusive HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Exclusive&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_HD_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",MTV HD Plus 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MTV_HD_Plus&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",MTV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MTV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9XM.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",9XM 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=9XM&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/E_24.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",E 24 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=E_24&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_English.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Sony BBC Earth HD English 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_English&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_Beats_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",MTV Beats HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MTV_Beats_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Insight.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Insight HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Insight&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Music.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",B4U Music 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=B4U_Music&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mastiii.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Mastiii 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Mastiii&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zing.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Zing 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zing&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Music_India.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Music India 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Music_India&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9X_Jalwa.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",9X Jalwa 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=9X_Jalwa&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Animal_Planet_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Animal Planet Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Animal_Planet_Hindi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Hindi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Discovery Channel Hindi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_Channel_Hindi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bflix_Movies.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Bflix Movies 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Bflix_Movies&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Manoranjan TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Manoranjan_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Kadak.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",B4U Kadak 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=B4U_Kadak&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/B4U_Bhojpuri.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",B4U Bhojpuri 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=B4U_Bhojpuri&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MI_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",MI TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MI_TV&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Pariwar.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Raj Pariwar 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_Pariwar&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Insync.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Insync 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Insync&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/iLove.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",iLove 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=iLove&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ANB_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ANB News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ANB_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prarthana_Bhawan.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Prarthana Bhawan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Prarthana_Bhawan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shubhsandesh_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Shubhsandesh TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Shubhsandesh_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Darshan_24.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Darshan 24 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Darshan_24&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Divya_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Divya TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Divya_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MTV_Beats_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",MTV Beats SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MTV_Beats_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Birla_Brainiacs.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Birla Brainiacs 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Birla_Brainiacs&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Network_10.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Network 10 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Network_10&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Pix_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Sony Pix SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Pix_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyanvani_1.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Gyanvani 1 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Gyanvani_1&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Chardham_Darshan.png" group-title="JIOTV-JioDarshan",Chardham Darshan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Chardham_Darshan&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tute.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Tute 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Tute&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Elementary.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Himshiksha Elementary 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Himshiksha_Elementary&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Higher.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Himshiksha Higher 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Himshiksha_Higher&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Himshiksha_Vocational.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Himshiksha Vocational 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Himshiksha_Vocational&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_BIE_ARTS.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",AP-BIE-ARTS 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=AP_BIE_ARTS&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_BIE_SCIENCE.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",AP-BIE-SCIENCE 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=AP_BIE_SCIENCE&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/AP_CIE_SIVE.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",AP-CIE-SIVE 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=AP_CIE_SIVE&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanskritam.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Sanskrit 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sanskritam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manav_Dharam.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Manav Dharam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Manav_Dharam&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Medha_Secondary.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Medha Secondary 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Medha_Secondary&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_Ahead.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",India Ahead 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_Ahead&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Madha_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Madha TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Madha_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Samveda.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Samveda 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Samveda&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ESG.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",ESG TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ESG&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IND_24.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",IND 24 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=IND_24&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ND24.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ND 24 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ND24&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Bangla.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",TV9 Bangla 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TV9_Bangla&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Luxe_Tv_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",LUXE TV HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Luxe_Tv_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mezzo_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Mezzo Live HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Mezzo_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Gujarati_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Colors Gujarati Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Gujarati_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Infinity_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Infinity SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Infinity_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Marathi_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Marathi SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Marathi_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Comedy_Central_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Comedy Central SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Comedy_Central_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Bangla_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Bangla SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Bangla_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Kannada SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Kannada_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VH1.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",VH1 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=VH1&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Wah.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Sony Wah 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Wah&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Sony SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SongDew_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",SongDew TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=SongDew_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/1Sports.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",1Sports 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=1Sports&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Santvani.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Santvani 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Santvani&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nandighosha.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Nandighosha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nandighosha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Velukkudi_Discourses.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Velukkudi Discourses 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Velukkudi_Discourses&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rishtey_Cineplex.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Rishtey Cineplex 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Rishtey_Cineplex&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shemaroo_MarathiBana.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Shemaroo MarathiBana 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Shemaroo_MarathiBana&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Balle_Balle_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Balle Balle TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Balle_Balle_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_TV18_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",History TV18 SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=History_TV18_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Bhojpuri.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Surya Bhojpuri 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Surya_Bhojpuri&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/RadheKrishna_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",RadheKrishna TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=RadheKrishna_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Subharti.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Subharti 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Subharti&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shiksha_Darshan.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Shiksha Darshan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Shiksha_Darshan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Punjab_School_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Punjab School TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Punjab_School_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_First.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News First 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_First&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Lifology.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Lifology 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Lifology&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MY_ZEN_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",MY ZEN HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MY_ZEN_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/FTV_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",FTV HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=FTV_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/InWild_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",InWild HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=InWild_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ZooMoo_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",ZooMoo HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ZooMoo_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Smithsonian_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Smithsonian HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Smithsonian_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HitsIndia_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",HITS HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=HitsIndia_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Omnicuris.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Omnicuris 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Omnicuris&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rongeen_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Rongeen TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Rongeen_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gyanvani_2.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Gyanvani 2 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Gyanvani_2&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTD_Chhattisgarrh.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",PTD Chhattisgarrh 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=PTD_Chhattisgarrh&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Badakhabar.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Badakhabar 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Badakhabar&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Anaadi_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Anaadi TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Anaadi_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Hornbill_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Hornbill TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Hornbill_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NK_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",NK TV 24x7 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=NK_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aryan_TV_National.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Aryan TV National 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aryan_TV_National&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Cineplex_Bollywood.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Colors Cineplex Bollywood 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Cineplex_Bollywood&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Naaptol.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Naaptol 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Naaptol&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_4_HD_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Ten 4 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ten_4_HD_Tamil&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ten_4_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Ten 4 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ten_4_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shri_Amarnath_Shrine_Board.png" group-title="JIOTV-JioDarshan",Shri Amarnathji Shrine Board 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Shri_Amarnath_Shrine_Board&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DA_News_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",DA News Plus 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DA_News_Plus&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pasand.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Pasand 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Pasand&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Studio_Yuva_Alpha.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Studio Yuva Alpha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Studio_Yuva_Alpha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_5.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football 5 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_5&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_6.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football 6 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_6&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NEWS_24_MPCG.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",NEWS 24 MPCG 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=NEWS_24_MPCG&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_7.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football 7 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_7&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Football_8.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Football 8 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Football_8&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Devam.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Devam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Devam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/India_At_Dubai_Expo.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",India At Dubai Expo 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=India_At_Dubai_Expo&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aakash_EduTV_JEE.png" group-title="JIOTV-Educational",Aakash EduTV JEE 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aakash_EduTV_JEE&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dreamworks.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",DreamWorks 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dreamworks&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/E_NBCU.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",E! 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=E_NBCU&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pogo_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Kids",Pogo Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Pogo_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sansad_TV_RajyaSabha.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sansad TV Rajya Sabha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sansad_TV_RajyaSabha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jivan_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Jivan TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jivan_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports_1_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Sports 1 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Sports_1_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jio_Sports_2_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Sports",Jio Sports 2 HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jio_Sports_2_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tribe_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Tribe TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Tribe_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Sanjha.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ABP Sanjha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ABP_Sanjha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBN_Lokmat.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",IBN Lokmat 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=IBN_Lokmat&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Aastha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aastha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sanskar.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Sanskar 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sanskar&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Disha_tv.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Disha tv 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Disha_tv&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Paras_tv.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Paras tv 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Paras_tv&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/mh1_Shraddha.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",mh1 Shraddha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=mh1_Shraddha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sadhna.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Sadhna 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sadhna&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Peace_of_Mind.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Peace of Mind 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Peace_of_Mind&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jinvani_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Jinvani TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jinvani_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Arihant_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Arihant TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Arihant_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ishwar_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Ishwar TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ishwar_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Satsang_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Satsang TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Satsang_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shubh_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Shubh TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Shubh_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Bhajan.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Aastha Bhajan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aastha_Bhajan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vedic_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Vedic TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Vedic_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_UP.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 UP 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_UP&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_BIHAR.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 BIHAR 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_BIHAR&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dabangg.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Dabangg 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dabangg&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Bhojpuri.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Sangeet Bhojpuri 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sangeet_Bhojpuri&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Osar_Movies.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Oscar Movies 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Osar_Movies&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhojpuri_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Bhojpuri Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Bhojpuri_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dishum_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Dishum TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dishum_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_RAJASTHAN.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 RAJASTHAN 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_RAJASTHAN&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Rajasthan.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee Rajasthan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Rajasthan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/First_India_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",First India News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=First_India_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_MP.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 MP 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_MP&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/IBC-24.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",IBC24 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=IBC-24&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_News_MP_Chattisgarh.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee News MP Chattisgarh 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_News_MP_Chattisgarh&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bansal_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Bansal News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Bansal_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/INH_24x7.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",INH 24x7 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=INH_24x7&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Urdu.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 Urdu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Urdu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Salaam.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Salaam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Salaam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Channel_Win.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Channel Win 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Channel_Win&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Gulistan_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Gulistan News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Gulistan_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_bharati.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",DD bharati 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_bharati&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Bihar.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD Bihar 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Bihar&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Madhya_Pradesh.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD Madhya Pradesh 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Madhya_Pradesh&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Rajasthan_Jaipur.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD Rajasthan (Jaipur) 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Rajasthan_Jaipur&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Barker.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Jio Promo HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Barker&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Marathi_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Marathi HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Marathi_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Marathi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Marathi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Marathi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Majha.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ABP Majha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ABP_Majha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_24_Taas.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee 24 Taas 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_24_Taas&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Yuva.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Yuva 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Yuva&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Talkies.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Zee Talkies 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Talkies&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_Marathi_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Sony Marathi SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_Marathi_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Saam_Tv.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Saam Tv 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Saam_Tv&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9x_Jhakaas.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",9x Jhakaas 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=9x_Jhakaas&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maiboli.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Maiboli 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Maiboli&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Maharashtra.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",TV9 Maharashtra 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TV9_Maharashtra&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Marathi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Sangeet Marathi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sangeet_Marathi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Fakt_Marathi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Fakt Marathi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Fakt_Marathi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",MKN 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MK_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Amaar_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Amaar Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Amaar_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Bengali.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Discovery Channel Bengali 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_Channel_Bengali&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Sahayadri.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD Sahayadri 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Sahayadri&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Ananda.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ABP Ananda 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ABP_Ananda&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Bengali_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Bengali HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Bengali_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Bangla.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Bangla 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Bangla&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aakaash_bangla.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Aakash Aath 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aakaash_bangla&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/24_Ghanta_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",24 Ghanta TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=24_Ghanta_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_aath.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Sony aath 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_aath&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sangeet_Bangla.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Sangeet Bangla 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sangeet_Bangla&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Bangla_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Zee Bangla Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Bangla_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Bangla_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 Bangla News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Bangla_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_Time_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News Time TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_Time_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sakshi_tv.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sakshi tv 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sakshi_tv&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Studio_One.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Studio One 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Studio_One&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",ETV Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Andhra_pradesh.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ETV Andhra pradesh 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Andhra_pradesh&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_TV_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Jaya TV HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jaya_TV_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV_5_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",TV 5 News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TV_5_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Telugu_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",TV9 Telugu News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TV9_Telugu_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/NTV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",NTV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=NTV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABN_Andhra_Jyothi.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ABN Andhra Jyothi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ABN_Andhra_Jyothi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/T_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",T News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=T_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Puthu_Yugam.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Puthu Yugam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Puthu_Yugam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/V6_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",V6 News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=V6_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",MK TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MK_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Bhakti_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Bhakti TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Bhakti_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Subhavartha_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Subhavartha TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Subhavartha_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nireekshana_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Nireekshana TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nireekshana_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Telangana.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ETV Telangana 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Telangana&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/HM_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",HM TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=HM_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",ETV Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",ETV Plus 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Plus&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Life.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",ETV Life 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Life&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Abhiruchi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",ETV Abhiruchi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Abhiruchi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Cinemalu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Zee Cinemalu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Cinemalu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_24x7.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Raj News 24x7 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_News_24x7&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_English.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",CVR English 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CVR_English&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",CVR News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CVR_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_Health.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",CVR Health 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CVR_Health&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CVR_OM_Spiritual.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",CVR OM Spiritual 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CVR_OM_Spiritual&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Raj News Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_News_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vissa_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Vissa TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Vissa_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/10_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",10 TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=10_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aradhana_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Aradhana TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aradhana_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vanitha.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Vanitha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Vanitha&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Raj Music Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_Music_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/I_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",I News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=I_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MK_Music.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",MK Music 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MK_Music&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",History TV18 HD Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=History_18_Tamil&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Sony BBC Earth HD Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Tamil&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Saptagiri.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD Saptagiri 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Saptagiri&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalaignar_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Kalaignar TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kalaignar_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Raj TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Puthiya_Thalimurai.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Puthiya Thalimurai 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Puthiya_Thalimurai&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vasanth_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Vasanth TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Vasanth_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_Max.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Jaya Max 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jaya_Max&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Polimer_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Polimer TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Polimer_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Thanthi_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Thanthi TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Thanthi_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Makkal_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Makkal TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Makkal_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaya_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Jaya Plus 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jaya_Plus&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/J_Movies.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",J Movies 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=J_Movies&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News7_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News7 Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News7_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Polimer_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Polimer News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Polimer_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Tamilnadu.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News 18 Tamilnadu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_18_Tamilnadu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalaignar_Seithigal_.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Kalaignar Seithigal  
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kalaignar_Seithigal_&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Digital_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Raj Digital Plus 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_Digital_Plus&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Musix.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Raj Musix 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_Musix&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Tamil_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Tamil HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Tamil_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dighvijay_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Dighvijay TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dighvijay_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sathiyam.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sathiyam TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sathiyam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Captain_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Captain News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Captain_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Malai_Murasu.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Malai Murasu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Malai_Murasu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Captain_tv.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Captain tv 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Captain_tv&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sahana_Music.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Sahana Music 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sahana_Music&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nambikkai.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Nambikkai 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nambikkai&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Travel_XP_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",Travel XP Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Travel_XP_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Vendhar_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Vendhar TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Vendhar_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD5_Podhigai.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD5 Podhigai 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD5_Podhigai&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Kannada_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Kannada HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Kannada_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Karnataka.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",TV9 Karnataka 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TV9_Karnataka&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Kannada.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Kannada 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Kannada&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kasturi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Kasturi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kasturi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Suvarna_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Suvarna News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Suvarna_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Public_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Public TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Public_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Kannada_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 Kannada News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Kannada_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Super.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Super 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Super&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Kannada.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Raj Music Kannada 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_Music_Kannada&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sri_Sankara.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Sri Sankara 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sri_Sankara&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Public_Music.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Public Music 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Public_Music&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Kannada.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Raj News Kannada 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_News_Kannada&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Maha_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Maha News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Maha_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/History_18_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",History TV18 HD Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=History_18_Telugu&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Sony BBC Earth HD Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_HD_Telugu&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Discovery_Channel_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Discovery Channel Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Discovery_Channel_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sri_Venkateshwar_Bhakti.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Sri Venkateshwar Bhakti 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sri_Venkateshwar_Bhakti&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Divya_Vani.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Divya Vani 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Divya_Vani&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD9_chandana_kannada.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD9 chandana (kannada) 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD9_chandana_kannada&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Gujarati.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Gujarati 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Gujarati&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Tv_9_Gujarat.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Tv 9 Gujarat 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Tv_9_Gujarat&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GS_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",GS TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=GS_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sandesh_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Sandesh News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sandesh_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CNBC_Bazaar_MNO.png" group-title="JIOTV-Business",CNBC Bazaar (MNO) 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CNBC_Bazaar_MNO&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_News_Gujarati.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 Gujarati 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_News_Gujarati&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ABP_Asmita.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",ABP Asmita 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ABP_Asmita&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/VTV_Gujarati.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",VTV Gujarati 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=VTV_Gujarati&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_24_Kalak.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee 24 Kalak 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_24_Kalak&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Girnar.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD Girnar 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Girnar&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Colors_Oriya.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Colors Oriya 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Colors_Oriya&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sarthak_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Zee Odisha 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sarthak_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Kalinga.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee Kalinga 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Kalinga&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kanak_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Kanak News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kanak_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kalinga_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Kalinga TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kalinga_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Prameya_News_7.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Prameya News 7 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Prameya_News_7&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_News_Oriya.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 Oriya 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_News_Oriya&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/MBC.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",MBC 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=MBC&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Naxatra_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Naxatra News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Naxatra_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Oriya.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD Oriya 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Oriya&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Asianet 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Asianet_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Asianet_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Asianet News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Asianet_News&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Amrita_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Amrita TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Amrita_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mazavali_Manorama_HD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Mazavali Manorama HD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Mazavali_Manorama_HD&q=1200&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mazhavil_Manorama.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Mazhavil Manorama 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Mazhavil_Manorama&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Kairali TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kairali_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/mh1_Music.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",mh1 (Music) 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=mh1_Music&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_People_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Kairali News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kairali_People_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manorama_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Manorama News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Manorama_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Mathrubhumi_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Mathrubhumi News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Mathrubhumi_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jaihind_tv.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Jaihind tv 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jaihind_tv&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jeevan_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Jeevan TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jeevan_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kappa_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Kappa TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kappa_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Flower_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Flower TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Flower_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/GoodNews_Channel.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",GoodNews Channel 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=GoodNews_Channel&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Janam_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Janam TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Janam_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Shalom.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Shalom 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Shalom&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kaumudy_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Lifestyle",Kaumudy TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kaumudy_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kairali_WE_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Kairali WE TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kairali_WE_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Kerala.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News 18 Kerala 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_18_Kerala&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_Music_Malayalam.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Raj Music Malayalam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_Music_Malayalam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Raj_News_Malayalam.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Raj News Malayalam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Raj_News_Malayalam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dillagi_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Dillagi TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dillagi_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dhamaal_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Dhamaal TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Dhamaal_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Andy_Haryana.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Andy Haryana 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Andy_Haryana&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_Grand.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Manoranjan Grand 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Manoranjan_Grand&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Purvaiya.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee Purvaiya 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Purvaiya&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Zee_Punjabi_HP_Haryana.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Zee Punjabi HP Haryana 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Zee_Punjabi_HP_Haryana&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",PTC News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=PTC_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/ETV_Haryana_and_HP_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News18 Haryana and HP News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=ETV_Haryana_and_HP_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Punjabi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",PTC Punjabi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=PTC_Punjabi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/PTC_Chak_De.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",PTC Chak De 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=PTC_Chak_De&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/9X_Tashan.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",9X Tashan 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=9X_Tashan&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Chardikla_Time_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Chardikla Time TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Chardikla_Time_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Pitaara.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Pitaara 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Pitaara&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Manoranjan_Movies.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Manoranjan Movies 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Manoranjan_Movies&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Khusboo_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Khushboo TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Khusboo_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_Punjabi.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",DD Punjabi 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DD_Punjabi&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DY_365.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",DY 365 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=DY_365&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Nepal_one.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Nepal one 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Nepal_one&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rang.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Rang 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Rang&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Jonack.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Jonack 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Jonack&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/News_18_Assam.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",News 18 Assam 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=News_18_Assam&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Ramdhenu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Music",Ramdhenu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Ramdhenu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Assam_Talks.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Assam Talks 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Assam_Talks&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Rengoni.png" group-title="JIOTV-Entertainment",Rengoni 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Rengoni&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/North_East_Live.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",North East Live 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=North_East_Live&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TWENTY_FOUR_NEWS.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Twenty Four News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TWENTY_FOUR_NEWS&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TV9_Bharatvarsh.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",TV9 Bharatvarsh 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TV9_Bharatvarsh&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/TEHZEEB_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Tehzeeb TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=TEHZEEB_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kolkata_LIVE.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Kolkata Live 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kolkata_LIVE&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Telugu.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Aastha Telugu 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aastha_Telugu&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Tamil.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Aastha Tamil 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aastha_Tamil&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Aastha_Kannada.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Aastha Kannada 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Aastha_Kannada&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Samachar.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Surya Samachar 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Surya_Samachar&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Cinema.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Surya Cinema 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Surya_Cinema&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Surya_Bhakti.png" group-title="JIOTV-Devotional",Surya Bhakti 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Surya_Bhakti&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/CTVN_AKD_Plus.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Ctvn Akd Plus 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=CTVN_AKD_Plus&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Calcutta_News.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Calcutta News 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Calcutta_News&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Total_Tv_Haryana.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Total Tv Haryana 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Total_Tv_Haryana&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Kolkata_TV.png" group-title="JIOTV-News",Kolkata TV 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Kolkata_TV&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/SET_MAX.png" group-title="JIOTV-Movies",Sony Max SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=SET_MAX&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="http://slcknecdnems08.cdnsrv.jio.com/jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Sony_BBC_Earth_SD.png" group-title="JIOTV-Infotainment",Sony BBC Earth SD 
http://jiotv.in1.bitmana.io/live.php?c=Sony_BBC_Earth_SD&q=800&e=junk.m3u8
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/moupia_1170.png" group-title="zee-News",24 Ghanta 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-24ghantatv
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/zeenewssudhirchaudhary2_1.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeenews
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/rbharatarnabgoswami.png" group-title="zee-News",Republic Bharat 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-162
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/newsnationdeepakchaurasia_.png" group-title="zee-News",News Nation 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-170
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1911071689.png" group-title="zee-News",Polimer News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-203
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_649346153.png" group-title="zee-News",Putiya Thalamurai 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-220
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1787137922.png" group-title="zee-News",Vendhar TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-306
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_100879400.png" group-title="zee-News",TV9 Telugu 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-258
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_273514222.png" group-title="zee-News",TV5 News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-222
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1579827656.png" group-title="zee-News",TV9 Marathi 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-257
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_688844399.png" group-title="zee-News",Saam TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-270
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1111951312.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeepunjabharyanahima
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/aajtakshwetasingh.png" group-title="zee-News",Aaj Tak 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-aajtak
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/indiatvrajatsharma.png" group-title="zee-News",India TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-282
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_2004318975.png" group-title="zee-News",TV9 Bharatvarsh 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-251
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/zeebusinessanilsinghvi.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee Business 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeebusiness
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/indiatodayrajdeepsardesdai.png" group-title="zee-News",India Today 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-indiatoday
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_740756490.png" group-title="zee-News",News24 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-206
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/republictvarnabgoswami2.png" group-title="zee-News",Republic TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-channel_1422341819
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1673213675.png" group-title="zee-News",TV9 Gujarati 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-260
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1335796285.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee 24 Kalak 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zee24kalak
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_382506495.png" group-title="zee-News",TV9 Kannada 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-259
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_503553443.png" group-title="zee-News",Suvarna News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-201
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1456945786.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee 24 Taas 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zee24taas
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1792225856.png" group-title="zee-News",Good News Today 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-255
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/wionpalkisharmaupadhyay.png" group-title="zee-News",WION 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-wion
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/shamshersingh_1170.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee Hindustan 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeehindustan
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1773254912.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee Bihar Zharkhand 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeebiharjharkhand
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_217868396.png" group-title="zee-News",News State Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-171
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/09207e24_list.png" group-title="zee-Lifestyle",E24 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-207
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1893514287.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee Odisha 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeekalinganews
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1709739390.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee Rajasthan News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeerajasthannews
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_823530713.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeemadhyapradeshchat
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_895666865.png" group-title="zee-Music",Zing 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zing
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_2022520414.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Big Magic 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-bigmagic_1786965389
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1554775145.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee TV HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeetvhd
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_378606665.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",&TV HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-tvhd_0
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_551054149.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Marathi HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeemarathi
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_361849131.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Yuva 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeeyuva
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_325698699.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Café HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeecafehd
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1735687172.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Ganga 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-bigganga
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1250786368.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Tamil HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeetamil
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_593933473.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Telugu HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeetelugu
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_611455469.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Kannada HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeekannada
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_268830785.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Keralam HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-129
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_310781121.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Bangla HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeebangla
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1844143347.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Anmol 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeeanmol
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_167952257.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Cinema HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeecinemahd
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1642453232.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Cinemalu HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeecinemalu
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1476130363.png" group-title="zee-Movie",&Pictures HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-tvpictureshd
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_483062857.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Talkies HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeetalkies
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1238879598.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Bangla Cinema 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeebanglacinema
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1031170304.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Punjabi 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-215
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1721007595.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Anmol Cinema 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeeanmolcinema
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_218202605.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Bollywood 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeeclassic
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_807278654.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Cinema 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeecinema
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1269578414.png" group-title="zee-Movie",&Pictures 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-pictures
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1953200347.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Action 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeeaction
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_375086496.png" group-title="zee-Movie",&Prive HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-privéhd
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1372768736.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Odia 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddodia
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1413076946.png" group-title="zee-News",Chardikla Time TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-chardiklatimetvtimet
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_72275493.png" group-title="zee-News",DD News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddnews
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_421658302.png" group-title="zee-News",DD India 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddindia
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_579794123.png" group-title="zee-News",DD Kisan 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddkisan
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1849594732.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment,Music",Boogle Bollywood 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-165
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_379547401.png" group-title="zee-Movie",&flix HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-channel_2105335046
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1071598760.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Alpha ETC Punjabi 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-channel_2132977507
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1152304152.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Sanskar TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-channel_1144658965
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_2031259137.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Shubh TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-327
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_66703857.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Satsang TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-channel_1565694979
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_2128007300.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Divya TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-divyatv
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_450865576.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Krishna Vani 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-166
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1866029228.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee Salaam 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeesalaam
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_200095097.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-zeetv
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_579936187.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Makkal TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-makkaltv
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1550486077.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Podhigai 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddpodhigai
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1300475155.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Malayalam 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddmalayalam
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_671555942.png" group-title="zee-News",DD Yadagiri 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddyadagiri
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1242891543.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Bangla 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddbangla
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_222569298.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Chandana 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddchandana
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1150431941.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Sarthak 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-sarthaktv
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1078376781.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Sahyadri 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddsahyadri
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1445842484.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Girnar 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddgirnar
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1440959247.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Urdu 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddurdu
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1491909175.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Rajasthan 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddrajasthanjaipur
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1749264623.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Bharati 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddbharati
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1218231157.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Madhya Pradesh 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddmadhyapradesh
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1865440648.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Bihar 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddbihar
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1445486903.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Uttar Pradesh 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-dduttarpradesh
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1124442022.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Hare Krsna 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-183
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_955304463.png" group-title="zee-News",Zee News Uttar Pradesh Uttrakhand 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-channel_265145625
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1007647800.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD Punjabi 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-ddpunjabi
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1325098382.png" group-title="zee-News",News State Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-172
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_673971588.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Classic 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-176
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/pgsureshkumarne_1752938193.png" group-title="zee-News",Asianet News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-200
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_358457080.png" group-title="zee-Movie",&xplorHD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-209
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_20909261.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Biskope 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-216
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_566572733.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Puthyugam TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-221
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_334138193.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Thirai 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-224
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1957432816.png" group-title="zee-News",TV5 Kannada 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-227
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_2096037619.png" group-title="zee-Lifestyle",Zee Zest HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-348
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1692640342.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Zee Picchar 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-241
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_436360213.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",DD National HD 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-250
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1625066572.png" group-title="zee-Lifestyle",Sugran TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-271
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/indianews_1982216031.png" group-title="zee-News",India News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-272
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/newsx_595044195.png" group-title="zee-News",News X 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-273
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_212610744.png" group-title="zee-News",India News Punjabi Himachal 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-274
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1850271375.png" group-title="zee-News",India News UP 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-275
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_324814827.png" group-title="zee-News",India News Rajasthan 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-276
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1336270103.png" group-title="zee-News",India News MP 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-277
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1582071351.png" group-title="zee-News",India News Haryana 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-278
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_1805050.png" group-title="zee-News",India News Gujarat 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-279
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1639808461.png" group-title="zee-News",NE News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-280
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_844800250.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Sadhna TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-284
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1126976137.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Ishwar  TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-285
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_419268810.png" group-title="zee-Music",Non-stop EDM 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-296
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_941446093.png" group-title="zee-News",Living India 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-305
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1667539974.png" group-title="zee-News",Prag News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-310
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_142056468.png" group-title="zee-News",Sadhna Plus News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-313
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_171386133.png" group-title="zee-News",VIP News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-314
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1836335736.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Awakening 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-316
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1346638136.png" group-title="zee-News",TIME8 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-317
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_2140696542.png" group-title="zee-News",Sadhna News MP/CG 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-319
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1602476580.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Rengoni 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-322
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_361016754.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Ek Onkar 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-345
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1434429781.png" group-title="zee-Music",Zee Vajwa 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-353
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1495734600.png" group-title="zee-News",News First 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-356
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1083597338.png" group-title="zee-News",NTV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-372
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlogo_976067553.png" group-title="zee-Music",Haryanvi Hits 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-375
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1062825349.png" group-title="zee-Music",Wah Punjabi 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-376
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1939892250.png" group-title="zee-News",BTV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-377
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658withlog_1900210183.png" group-title="zee-News",TV9 Bangla 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-378
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1535320119.png" group-title="zee-News",Sudarshan TV 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-383
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1283511414.png" group-title="zee-News",Dainik Savera 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-384
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1634325786.png" group-title="zee-News",C News Bharat 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-385
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1866825600.png" group-title="zee-News",TV 100 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-386
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1072460698.png" group-title="zee-News",AB Star News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-387
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_290485787.png" group-title="zee-News",Sanjhi Soch 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-388
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1189289223.png" group-title="zee-News",Euro News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-389
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_451673856.png" group-title="zee-News",Africa News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-390
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_11759167.png" group-title="zee-Lifestyle",Fashion TV Mumbai 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-392
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1715566364.png" group-title="zee-Lifestyle",Fashion TV Paris 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-393
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_717187404.png" group-title="zee-Movie",Zee Chitramandir 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-394
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/abpnews_11702.png" group-title="zee-News",ABP News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-398
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1777650730.png" group-title="zee-News",ABP Ganga 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-399
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_111747038.png" group-title="zee-News",ABP Majha 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-400
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_916167039.png" group-title="zee-News",ABP Ananda 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-402
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_395672680.png" group-title="zee-News",ABP Asmita 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-403
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1764620565.png" group-title="zee-News",ABP Sanjha 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-404
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_671581899.png" group-title="zee-News",News Time Assam 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-407
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_527636606.png" group-title="zee-News",ND24 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-408
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_739766421.png" group-title="zee-News",CVR News Telugu 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-410
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1653313214.png" group-title="zee-News",CVR English 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-411
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1626283630.png" group-title="zee-Devotional",Devam 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-412
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_92722619.png" group-title="zee-News",Pratidin Time 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-413
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_560606826.png" group-title="zee-News",News1 India 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-417
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1377677687.png" group-title="zee-News",V6 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-418
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_2067246738.png" group-title="zee-News,Sports",ESPNcricinfo 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-419
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_1426309917.png" group-title="zee-News",Newsmax 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-423
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_439820624.png" group-title="zee-News",Ticker News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-424
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_220005254.png" group-title="zee-News",Media One 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-425
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/zeenewssudhirchaudhary2_1.png" group-title="zee-Drama",Internal VE Test 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-428
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/tv_1170x658withlogo_378606.png" group-title="zee-Drama",Live Event Test 1 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-429
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/sarath_1170.png" group-title="zee-News",Kairali News 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-430
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/rbangla_1170.png" group-title="zee-News",Republic Bangla 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-431
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_zee5ki_682000421.png" group-title="zee-Drama",Live Event Test 2 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-432
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_zee5ki_302096685.png" group-title="zee-Drama",Live Event Test 3 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-433
#EXTINF:1 tvg-logo="https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/channelLogo/1170x658_zee5ki_682000421.png" group-title="zee-Entertainment",Live Test Global 
https://zee.chadasaniyadhru.repl.co/zee5/getm3u8/0-9-434
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",& Flix Eng HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a001

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",& Flix Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02g

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",& Pictures HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02i

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",& Prive HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00j

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",& TV HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02h

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",AajTak HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02l

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Animal Planet ENG HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00a

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Animal Planet Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00g

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Asianet HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a011

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",BBC Earth Eng HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00b

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",BBC Earth Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02w

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",BBC Earth Tamil HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01s

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",BBC Earth Telugu HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01b

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Baby Tv HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02t

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",CNBC TV 18 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02s

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Cartoon Network+ HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a03d

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Colors Bangla HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00y

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Colors Cineplex HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02n

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Colors HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a023

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Colors Infinity HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00k

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Colors Kannada HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00o

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Colors Marathi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Colors Tamil HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01v

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Comedy Central HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00e

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Discovery ID HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02q

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Discovery World Eng HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00i

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Discovery World Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02k

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Discovery World Tamil HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01n

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Discovery World Telugu HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a018

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Disney International HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a03a

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",ETV HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01f

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",EuroSports HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a03b

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Fox Life ENG HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a007

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Fox Life Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a037

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Fox Life Tamil HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Gemini HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01d

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Gemini Movies HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01e

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Gemini Music HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01g

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",History Eng HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00c

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",History Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a032

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",History Tamil HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01t

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",History Telugu HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01c

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Jalsha HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00v

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Jalsha Movies HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00w

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Jaya Tv HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01m

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",KTV HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01q

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",MN+ HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a039

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",MNX HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a035

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",MTV Beats HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a03e

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",MTV+ HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02m

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Maa HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a017

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Maa Movies HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a016

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Maa Music HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a015

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Mazhavil Manorama HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a012

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Miniplex HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a034

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Movies Now HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a036

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nat Geo Bengali HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00x

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nat Geo ENG HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a008

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nat Geo Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02v

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nat Geo Tamil HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01r

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nat Geo Telugu HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01a

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nat Geo WILD Eng HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00f

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nat Geo Wild Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02f

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nat Geo Wild Tamil HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01l

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Navbharat HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a021

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",News 24 Malayalam

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a03f

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Nick+ HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a033

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",PTC Gold

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01x

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",PTC Music 

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01y

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",PTC News

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a020

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",PTC Punjabi

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01z

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",PTC Simran HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01w

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Sony Max HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02x

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Sony Pix Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02o

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Sony Sab HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02y

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Sony Set HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a022

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Sony Six HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a030

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Bharat HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a025

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Gold HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a028

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Gold Select HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a029

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Movies HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a003

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Movies Select HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a005

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Plus HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02a

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Pravah HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00r

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Sports 1 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a027

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Sports 1 Hindi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a026

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Sports 2 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a024

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Sports Select 1 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02b

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Sports Select 2 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02c

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star Vijay HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01j

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star World HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a002

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Star World Premier HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a004

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Sun Music HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01p

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Sun TV HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01o

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Surya HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a013

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Suvarna HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00n

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",TLC World Eng HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00h

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Tata Sky Bangla Cinema HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a010

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Tata Sky Bollywood HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a03c

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Tata Sky Hits HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a009

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Tata Sky Telugu Cinema HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a019

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Tata Sky Theatre HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02j

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Ten 1 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a031

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Ten 2 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Ten 3 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a038

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Times Now HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02z

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Travel XP Eng HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00l

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",UTV HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02p

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Udaya HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00p

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",VH1 HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00d

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",WION News HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00m

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Bangla HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00z

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Cafe HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a006

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Cinema HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02e

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Cinemalu

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01i

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Kannada HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00q

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Keralam HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a014

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Marathi HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00t

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Talkies HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a00s

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Tamil HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01k

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Telugu HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a01h

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Tv HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02d

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="tata sky",Zee Zest HD

http://195.201.82.32:5001/play/a02r#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SET HD
https://bit.ly/3fKTNU8seTHd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SAB HD
https://bit.ly/3fBsABhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY PAL
https://bit.ly/30a3wsONyPal
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MARATHI
https://bit.ly/32JsoNYMaraTHi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY AATH
https://bit.ly/2ORsONyaAaTh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY YAY HIN
https://bit.ly/2WmsoNYYaY
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MAX HD
https://bit.ly/32bsOnymAXhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY MAX 2
https://bit.ly/30dsoNYmaX2
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY WAH
https://bit.ly/3j7sOnywAh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY PIX HD
https://bit.ly/32sOnypIXhd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 1 HD
https://bit.ly/2B9tEN1hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 2 HD
https://bit.ly/2DOtEN2hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 3 HD
https://bit.ly/2OwtEn3hd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 1
https://bit.ly/2ZtEn1Sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 2
https://bit.ly/30teN2sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY TEN 3
https://bit.ly/2B9teN3sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SIX
https://bit.ly/3j8sIx7sd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony Liv",SONY SIX HD
https://bit.ly/3h6sIXHd
#EXTM3U x-tvg-url="https://github.com/botallen/epg/releases/download/latest/epg.xml"

#########################################################################
#      ____            _           _   __  __                           #
#     |  _ \ _ __ ___ (_) ___  ___| |_|  \/  | ___   ___  ___  ___      #
#     | |_) | '__/ _ \| |/ _ \/ __| __| |\/| |/ _ \ / _ \/ __|/ _ \     #
#     |  __/| | | (_) | |  __/ (__| |_| |  | | (_) | (_) \__ \  __/     #
#     |_|   |_|  \___// |\___|\___|\__|_|  |_|\___/ \___/|___/\___|     #
#                   |__/                                                #
#                                  >> https://github.com/benmoose39     #
#########################################################################


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://www.twentyfournews.com/wp-content/themes/nextline_v3/images/logo-new.png" tvg-id="", 24 News Malayalam
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346489/ei/mePjYYIk1Li4ArXutaAB/ip/104.215.117.107/id/zcrUCvBD16k.3/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAN3jzYRA5r68qCqLNgO1dVDGvT1NXfqr3fgD-GckF2hcAiEA5vXFXexeRWAU5iJ4tXFmskXRph28CZI_cFJWFcy7MCs%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/d/d4/Kairali_News.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20191221124115" tvg-id="", Kairali News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346489/ei/mePjYYnmG42MuAKdn5m4DQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/5uMM5H1-hL0.13/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMUE0ZKRc_4XrBzj2N6k03u6symEyYkf-CjkegG0itTJAiEAh_V9OyrnqxTaki-rk-lsWaqjm_gO6XCMDfnXpCS5jtQ%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/Asianet_News_Logo.png" tvg-id="", Asianet News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346489/ei/mePjYYfIM6iGlu8P5_O1yA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/PNR06O9sSio.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAIa75laGkQ2QG4A-ibsDJ7eZF6QQDDmMEdk67Qx7NHZ5AiEA_Jgh_O1h-0PGrcEYWzwhFZQru0vN71jWFHd09zzZ1P0%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/70/Mathrubhumi_news.svg/1200px-Mathrubhumi_news.svg.png" tvg-id="", Mathrubhumi News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346490/ei/muPjYZugE4WGugKgj4mACQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/YGEgelAiUf0.5/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/LIVE/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAPLCOJyTvHOCTzVzEVmVBUydKu49DxZ-0flI0NdmFFFyAiEAgzTCBnPdv7SdfRrXQ4DtQbBM7WJjcv4XKH5v7y9A4qA%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/Media_One_Logo.png" tvg-id="", Media One News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346490/ei/muPjYeKwLYfaNtKGiOgN/ip/104.215.117.107/id/-eorLnT-Z30.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMswf-MBX6xTNB1K3LoNCneNjuFc16O-xa6D4DPo4y1tAiEAhviQimQXFoVX6Bvy1fsNtCm46uRkT7y2iwNp7xoKFIk%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/k0A88RrzsPqX1D75am5_bOJ3M2Y0R0fXi7gu4BfgmS2GkuUNvFnSLMmCaLBK0BhQ9Es" tvg-id="", Manorama News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346491/ei/m-PjYYf8CrvClu8P8ru5gA4/ip/104.215.117.107/id/JtLBF_Gjeiw.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAJWjpSFmT7-bxCXDxTRUbaS6uZnPe5usBqfKkAPS7ZZkAiBCQ--_v_jQpKk108Ur5Y0-HN6_rbmSKzN7yySg4sFLCQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/News18_Kerala.png" tvg-id="", News 18 Kerala
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346491/ei/m-PjYZ-2J4P6ugKXkp_QCQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/THFcDh8qg8c.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgOYmBXeilGcZBqSkoh-e8aPKWL6pSJUdVACpScZoFfOkCIHGkTWpo3QgMTXgHgN9ixY09stmjdz44t3M3llYA2YYS/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/83/Mangalam_logo.png/200px-Mangalam_logo.png" tvg-id="", Mangalam TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346492/ei/nOPjYc2MBNn2igS4rre4Aw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/lvQOzBbmkEg.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24067854/txs/24027699%2C24027700%2C24027701%2C24027702%2C24067854/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/spc/4ocVC-b3gdI1XR5KzZ3xd4ynlPig/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAJg3pd4GW6KyLNJ4Qj7SYnAZr9Co9fp5k0IF4fohgRGpAiEAwtOC_KkuXaPjIeHxX5-tLS5tsJwuj5RVkRbuQOl9aQs%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tamil" tvg-logo="http://akamaividz.zee5.com/resources/0-9-203/list/386x386/09203polimernews.png" tvg-id="636", Polimer News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346492/ei/nOPjYfTbHIz7jQSHiY3gCg/ip/104.215.117.107/id/r44SqwmQ3Bo.8/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgYbQVt62bjtXfbfdIejABTW5lwed8taF1V_XQQQbAbfkCIFGTbjQUXMh4w1JwMvhS9wExtVHcpc0ypu53mdjZx9ym/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tamil" tvg-logo="http://image.airtel.tv/content/MWTV/LIVETVCHANNEL/MWTV_LIVETVCHANNEL_797/img_logo_news_7_tamil-2.png" tvg-id="673", News7 Tamil
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346492/ei/nOPjYezhOPyfir4PjbyNgAM/ip/104.215.117.107/id/3hiTddyWcug.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgYdrJZWVtu6UkfOzrBMBneX1yQRqc7OzLwj72H8m1nk0CIGYm23mi1YMT4CCrKor5S9pgT5PU4g0un_KZqeo3-zw-/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tamil" tvg-logo="http://www.thanthitv.com/Images/TTV-800x800.png" tvg-id="830", Thanthi TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346493/ei/nePjYcDxE4XSlu8Pp5W4qAQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/wc3Y6vI-poI.17/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAISRhxFpY3lvaLxirxeO8BlOtUFykwlgh58Ozg3grwwdAiABUCMafcxbl5zrxbTlfmaEgW5gd4FP4smXyF_hV3SipA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tamil" tvg-logo="http://7starcloud.in/NB.png" tvg-id="ts58", New18 TamilNadu
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346493/ei/nePjYezYK43UigSNl6HQCw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/EZy0RAxG8OI.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgF_C6rlR81rfkAKpcrCXcbQQXrAOBt6I0yxvLEZZriVMCICb2QmhPH_09iEqTPktHv_4XJnqAIzrwHIryXwMcMoM9/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tamil" tvg-logo="http://image.airtel.tv/MWTV/MWTV_LIVETVCHANNEL_793/LOGO/5Jz56JGv.png" tvg-id="677", Puthiya Thalaimurai
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346494/ei/nuPjYci5CJaa2_gP1_aK8AU/ip/104.215.117.107/id/TnPx-965Igk.66/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgPBfaQDoNaauzVsMed-2PxA3s87CitiZUEdkEwh1RXf8CIQCZvABrUy6GsQbH4PSkOMr8QOnqRD0yf8X70-DQWE7yOw%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Urdu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", GNN
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="English" tvg-logo="https://s.abcnews.com/assets/beta/assets/abcn_images/abcnews_pearl_stacked.png" tvg-id="", ABC News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346495/ei/n-PjYd_SIozAuQL3w4boCg/ip/104.215.117.107/id/w_Ma8oQLmSM.6/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMxZNTcolRJUibLatwOcUtdHy9Ku1fuOGrjkMvgO-j1DAiEAnpey4A9xW33DBLGteL0LwWIxlFO23KyuELAh3R08Q70%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="English" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwniz5-dorFPbRs3b2CYaJSV2VOVxq53EqcwdWOF8Gg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", News 12 New York
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346496/ei/oOPjYb3yAYevlu8P6uORmAU/ip/104.215.117.107/id/RmmRlztXETI.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24129501/txs/24129500%2C24129501%2C24129502%2C24129503%2C24129504%2C24129505/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAJoenoeo3WSYwiA3oPj79tjWpJFjWz_QwvHwv6lopKbLAiA758-ZtLxZLDz-sESbHDJZvN1m37dGLFlM895Da-jQPQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Albania" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/Euronews._2016_logo.png" tvg-id="", Euronews Albania
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346496/ei/oOPjYfmNGtS4uAK17rWgAQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/d7Purq6_5T0.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAJxn54Rp3p92Af-fAEnANnqRhjw9K5BfWJYFCBGndDQ0AiEAtO2iDQx-ZSr5MdxQhQ3tBC-LQS5gT-7RJncu-sHsRWA%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Insomniac
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346496/ei/oOPjYcu0L56W2_gP84KamA4/ip/104.215.117.107/id/sDwW_OTEJeo.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24129502/txs/24129500%2C24129501%2C24129502%2C24129503%2C24129504%2C24129505/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgOcZbLbGrgQae2ib4rAUhKH8ey-VL_bkre-BlizrkgLQCIGbvnmP8U8Se5bHJkyML1D246nFILR4ENsji1XQFU8H0/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/46/TV9_India.png/revision/latest?cb=20190216115316" tvg-id="", TV9 Telugu
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346497/ei/oePjYcGYFLyNir4P4puNmA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/II_m28Bm-iM.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgfeu_1mO_eXpx_PwCl0I0y9DsE74GAjBHDWDZrPVAhdMCIQDAsRB6N9rICyd7qVJWH6OVKGBR8NQB2yAmNSRkxCMA6Q%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/ba/Ntv_India_official_logo.png" tvg-id="", NTV Telugu
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346497/ei/oePjYYL6NJGB_tcPm7aA2AI/ip/104.215.117.107/id/HUiHKse-YgM.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAPFe9G1lXSFoFPr5XPcxZsx8lh5DuQ8_ZNFzAZwlg9zOAiEA0SOwpnE2bLdaPHZ4_DaVeiw130HAYVTBRiApRwEHoTk%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/3/37/TV5_Telugu.png/revision/latest?cb=20190307135451" tvg-id="", TV5 Telugu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/52/Sakshi.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20171213115114" tvg-id="", Sakshi TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346500/ei/pOPjYcb6NbmP2_gPheWx6AM/ip/104.215.117.107/id/8McTsOqeueE.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24129503/txs/24129500%2C24129501%2C24129502%2C24129503%2C24129504%2C24129505/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAILdlPEcH3Mt7NFVPylR9kv2edsO8HbfQWfwdCPRjXE6AiBGmGvq6FggqJK1TsK2vUlbQLtVb_bUXesVEQcpl9xkHg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/43/ABN_Andhra_Jyothi.jpeg/revision/latest?cb=20191226131028" tvg-id="", ABN Telugu
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346501/ei/pePjYY3DFYeUlu8P2a6UwA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/IKj_cj51_W0.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgIhod-cNv5MEWXakCrwp1OMYcb8Z4hNt5Trps3jeAoQUCIQCfcbCGitT3sfVH1lTOAYzVtqiSW93crcbTMFLaJVuk-w%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b0/V6_News_logo.png" tvg-id="", V6 News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/1a/T_News_logo.png" tvg-id="", T News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://d3anib4n105rak.cloudfront.net/wp-content/themes/veegam-news/images/logo1.png" tvg-id="", 10TV Telugu
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346503/ei/p-PjYf3FLIWGugKgj4mACQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/IHuHxUo4Yps.50/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgPSJHecZ5fboGRjBVrtYdxNnGHZ6GbfCmHnfoMn4k-pQCIQC4WEqN4x8MK03bDyMqQPf932JSoV7kA1smULxYwaipQg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/0/03/HMTV_Channel_Logo.png/220px-HMTV_Channel_Logo.png" tvg-id="", hmtv
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346504/ei/qOPjYdf1CIWsuQKnlKzQBA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/qIY8IeluF9g.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24027701/txs/24027699%2C24027700%2C24027701%2C24027702%2C24067854/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgVvNLA1R3PkW9uv8Ig4iJQU_UC1TuLfMq7s-zSDQTugACIDNGuicDoQFI92ipmZMB0aoIqTSMGcXJZQ1_8RuthLUt/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnjsgaGsmsUgf_p4eaYu1GqAiHOE1WjTlcIy0ZTBDQ=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", iNews
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://mahaanews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/logo-1.jpg" tvg-id="", Mahaa News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnjCV79paU0oVv_CvDxfKo_eVEi8p6p2_mW3wewgCg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", Raj News Telugu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/e/e3/CVR_News.jpeg/revision/latest?cb=20191227040840" tvg-id="", CVR News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kannada" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4b/Suvarna_News_New_Logo.jpg" tvg-id="", Asianet Suvarna News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346507/ei/q-PjYaeNDen-2_gPlcKx-Ac/ip/104.215.117.107/id/GM91zl1Dn4o.3/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgMtPDOmJksbsWBjo0SQifEI0QfSHq6PPTOuhtClUW9l8CIHazIjdUmm2nHDawuEgvItT_wD4qxU25V31PRtJR79ae/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kannada" tvg-logo="http://www.tv5kannada.com/images/logo.png" tvg-id="", TV5 Kannada
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346507/ei/q-PjYbysLfqCir4P0YOD2Ak/ip/104.215.117.107/id/CFQGHy2tRsk.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24067852/txs/24027691%2C24027692%2C24027693%2C24027694%2C24067852/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAJHCXFk1v2PC7-k755sfqkYYxzRz4wVduVxoHJnyYCh8AiEA_Gb5ormfV01j-Eq_vNuHvUozVWXYCHzXTvRtx7UkKDA%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kannada" tvg-logo="https://d2jo35ozacw6sq.cloudfront.net/wp-content/themes/tv9kannada/images/Tv9-Kannada-57x57.png" tvg-id="", TV9 Kannada
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346508/ei/rOPjYfDcBsqMir4PnKeRkAc/ip/104.215.117.107/id/jdJoOhqCipA.210/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhANy7gZTN-h8RTRK9BmL6UHdsDOnacypM0Ij8x5XqNSikAiAcPC-bceIDwHGsD2SQP3R_I-C57XXxdWbdjcMT_8hGWA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kannada" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", NewsFirst Kannada
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346508/ei/rOPjYb3cKsiIir4PpuSI0A8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/G_gpihd3lcM.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/maudio/1/spc/4ocVC5o4DafxuA8iAmN3m6at6ldr/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/LIVE/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cmaudio%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMzoraSHNMfiCWXFjd70zNsgkmERqpNOUw6Ta61l6B12AiEA9Kn6uISM1KNBK0w-kLiyKcHxaIknNPwWcKLoLqBuXDI%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Gujarati" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLR8E478gf4F3e11eXaV1Th88zd2m4OEOp77VpnE1A=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", TV9 Gujarati
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346509/ei/rePjYf_XBfuylu8Pgaa98A4/ip/104.215.117.107/id/Mvz3_9O4p4s.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgCqY28IWfnEbjBi-EryiIlQlS583FDbnE2GrEfN19bIACIQDu1AfUfxB-CxHTKNT90Rm3chdPEyIQLRUoFFV1rX18HQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Gujarati" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnir1JsG9lCOwHEgKGyy2nY-Q3JzxYfiud5rNfsmTw=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", ABP Asmita
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346509/ei/rePjYbS1JtuM2_gP54q0uAQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/Ga4w81eYUhQ.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAP3LltbAQJ8VVze2xapSID2z7WiNH9WqUflSdLsg4xlpAiBpy5MJjpRqRZou1wxGLuLPMWkz3hVMO1a43qFPjhNzCQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Roland Martin Unfiltered
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Sky News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346510/ei/ruPjYcaqL92U2_gP5YO-iA4/ip/104.215.117.107/id/9Auq9mYxFEE.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/gcr/us/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cgcr%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMlEd0msTIFmcnshAfpb84uyjgy26E922bcHU0-GnrMgAiEA-VFFsLh586sWqkPDmCESlkzZE4HCuxBbwW5qHWwRTkY%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Exyu" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/9f/Al_Jazeera_Balkans.png" tvg-id="", Al Jazeera Balkans
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346511/ei/r-PjYceqFouMlu8PpKy5wA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/ng1zLZnjQbI.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24129500/txs/24129500%2C24129501%2C24129502%2C24129503%2C24129504%2C24129505/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgWz3JVodPaIMICU-LF_xhguv0h7DNhgOtVQneVxDVCzACIEBLEoB3wJq0afO3rhZAK2tcYgEqTji3lfaSPJasSIvj/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwngYsY0-vY4E8BQ1SvfkhzJKhSQGazUVCU6Li8saGw=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", Reporter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e0/Janam_TV_logo.png/220px-Janam_TV_logo.png" tvg-id="", Janam TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346512/ei/sOPjYejYIY2x6QLE846oAw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/Wt923q19gSs.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24027700/txs/24027699%2C24027700%2C24027701%2C24027702%2C24067854/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgC9sAQbF0zI3U3mZB3BamV7tcLFnJu0t0r3jMbLd7BA8CIHB2wyeZukVCJNgppMmkAnXb9L_FJkigTj4HGyrTyaT8/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malayalam" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b3/Jaihind_TV_Logo.jpg/200px-Jaihind_TV_Logo.jpg" tvg-id="", Jai Hind
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346513/ei/sePjYZOuAsSW2_gPkNWDyAU/ip/104.215.117.107/id/0FG9NpDTVnw.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgIC-Jv5pD6YWQQd0dkK9N7Pq36np1agWbohedoaWX-zoCIBbXm27sUgeBkaPrGsWBvmWfp6HdfyB9mF6XDNnpRs7N/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Telugu Movies 2021
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346513/ei/sePjYaGuGeCkir4P4KWW0AE/ip/104.215.117.107/id/5UvC9XEAL9k.6/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAL2AZy49ztj7A48NMjlFzVm8AN-51Tp7OiPbLYMWslg6AiBhbkugQP8sVJdBzZCLMNrnDUgKj67BNZSWndfXMDaFSQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", 10TV live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346513/ei/sePjYdmwL4PmjQTTl77AAQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/IHuHxUo4Yps.50/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgQuGs0SOtpg4AMDgg0hXO4KFk6vIHt_krOxS-ihiabfYCIQCCUuB9LAaW5ka3FUUSvRNXABFLl-7u1Z6jwKK59AZ3IA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", V6 News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", ABN Telugu Live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346515/ei/s-PjYeyHM4i1tQeWl5CYDg/ip/104.215.117.107/id/IKj_cj51_W0.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24027694/txs/24027691%2C24027692%2C24027693%2C24027694%2C24067852/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAIWIa7NfMdi_AHu4oX_klBXERqlymNeuqOCj7i1ZP7UxAiBcCTBGLCej8rv48rpWpepFzEyALehOdEdCrBzgbtGFBg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Sakshi TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346516/ei/tOPjYb-IEMWb2_gPzN6ZqA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/8McTsOqeueE.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgOufmWPqa_9gRqNcRVSkjPm1HqXq5S0CiB3bMQP4dA0cCIH2e7GGTdVV2reYQdG9BxCUnsdRnWCfYt7fDzr_C82-w/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", hmtv Live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346516/ei/tOPjYczKMtX0igShuYjwDQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/qIY8IeluF9g.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgZrtmXBB-S8Z9zhcZUy8-PeWZqRR5H4-QYugU4b_Mu3oCIDxnKyPpMDtK1OiZ4THpGcMXF6nDQKq-ZAugzIUbajHC/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Mahaa News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Prime9 News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Raj News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", CVR Health Live
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Top Tollywood hits (Aditya Music)
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346520/ei/uOPjYYaBJ4ftigSEkCY/ip/104.215.117.107/id/W9NyVYHtrIU.3/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAL4Pi5oIDPBYSx_MY3fL8CbIzYaSk478-s75VkSGPE_AAiB69_va2vaPGrKnLIbK32v4bbY5dEbJaXIDwxaXWDgg1A%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Studio One
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346521/ei/uePjYZapCKmY2_gP-4yokAU/ip/104.215.117.107/id/4BcPdYGwmIo.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgBLiUBTfvsdffzWJtgcg8WG5WNS1Vp2Lh4GHNFYYqM0ICIAhTT8MS-IopEUTzpsgS8N0MY6ngWZIn3PCn25RLeW8H/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Studio Yuva
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346521/ei/uePjYfnAIY3VigTtrIfIDw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/zV2ndzKjGT4.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgdmI7qwMoWzAoT3uUqpu97xg2UHGA286arxItxRsMxTsCIQC8FsBYA-BEzn5gMnlKahFxHHxLzW35zVUl3qzXqw62hg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Vanitha TV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Telugu" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Bhakthi TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346524/ei/vOPjYe7dHdqlir4Px_-lQA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/d0dB3kSCMmM.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgIrYP-j2Z2_JwPGF8FNw1OZU8cMVtokqgyUUC2ahv5L0CIEl5rViJM9mekXNAIbg4EDoYT2F5awIOxqzz-lSLU0wj/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Best Shuffle Dance Music 2021
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346524/ei/vOPjYd_RNcOUtQf8j4P4DQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/qWf-FPFmVw0.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIge6s0z9KPgrGw8gJgl-GcPKMDbjj_wyaypFknuauKrPcCIQDlrOTzXsq6_CFvc2bIjJ-vZUrJB0h11QeqU7LZtSOAtQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", NDTV Profit
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346525/ei/vePjYYrTEdCDugLqi5qwCw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/GPKXF3mzAlU.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgYlsFialZF4NVI1wHqEcWGVX9GMoBy8bCp78iFLVSZgcCICJcPB73JxCYmvC0nJCWH46yHMXxD8B9suOyTSFqhFae/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", NDTV 24x7
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346525/ei/vePjYfvyLJ-D_tcPiICk6AE/ip/104.215.117.107/id/WB-y7_ymPJ4.11/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAKPUfT9RtJPdbrs6b6qIQgPUe6Te3fmLpNydSZtyA8t0AiATy0WkVcDYI8guIubHjlkequ5GrLxdnt9X-ctLhAMTUw%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", NDTV India
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346526/ei/vuPjYb_7DcKAir4P-N6CqAk/ip/104.215.117.107/id/MN8p-Vrn6G0.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/spc/4ocVCyyNYRNmqOjIA2j9ppw7oJWc/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhANUr_Y2XBkTrqe23B9y1uoECcbixIhnS1SLVRjsndkdfAiEAw46JwXJcKjuGquJ3MEiNd2eUOI09hn7rQhx13r97Xz4%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", IndiaTV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Aaj Tak
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Ibiza Summer Mix 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Онлайн трансляция телеканала МУЗ-ТВ
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Kral TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346530/ei/wuPjYeaWNreW2_gP_MO3qA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/88tf0H1ycDU.4/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24067856/txs/24027707%2C24027708%2C24027709%2C24027710%2C24067856/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgDq9zE_FK7JKNWAcZWOyd5wLyrAfcsivjGgBtG3bNkq8CIQDjH20ENxs4OHZXicOWPxI83CiLSg0OBhdWCEPqZaeVwg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Kral Pop TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346531/ei/w-PjYb6zE9rPlu8PlcGEmA0/ip/104.215.117.107/id/dEHMR7Qpthw.5/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24027702/txs/24027699%2C24027700%2C24027701%2C24027702%2C24067854/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgDXO1snujR5_sAtW5rEV8Dlae8JB7q_PMK1xC8fyVcuYCIQCrMESU9Wdkq4U0ONaIyi7DyaiFeuy4cVv_8rS24Us61A%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", QT Relax Music
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", 4K Nature 24/7- LoungeV Films
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Livecam" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Rodos Palladium Beach Live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346532/ei/xOPjYe-JHISYigS5hIWgDQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/drhmo4XSVYA.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgRIBpI4BIXYTO7CzjXRChkdGXuIoCmqQz8ZrmqP9LgkUCIQDVAiCzITAl0751Lukc1iJKS0ewDYC-tln-GL2Qokg_SQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", OE24 TV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Greece" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", MAD TV Greece
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", The World Live- earthTV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Habertürk TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346537/ei/yePjYZO4CdCXir4PrdySMA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/SqHIO2zhxbA.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgPM6MNvSEykS4_iL4epv2CbCMcUpC-h4utUissia-uSECIBulWoHsVaXSNMHQ7iahYSl4yuR1C5_Z7f9b66wZECFY/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-4CDRDYQPlZo/UMsFyQQCy0I/AAAAAAAANLc/-8LXzSkTdsA/s1600/Alternative-Music-Logo-PNG.png" tvg-id="", Alternative Radio
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346537/ei/yePjYdLyKLma6QLqzaLACg/ip/104.215.117.107/id/5X18D-EbjUc.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAL1H0klKOtgRf-VQ-IQuGQt2WJDZTU32hrTxIqQdMbpYAiBWJKlL-PkszEzZJVN2zJzNd5BMnv9p_qtDKEqGIo1olQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/justdance/images/0/0c/Logo-jdtcm1924788.png" tvg-id="", Best Suffle Dance
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346538/ei/yuPjYYiEAsmAugKBq7mwCQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/qWf-FPFmVw0.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24067852/txs/24027691%2C24027692%2C24027693%2C24027694%2C24067852/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAJ4MEMmo3H02--RNKTyEpw7MhGZO-l3fF5LQPH5uIg0KAiAySswrS4_tthJ6zCN9C-vwZN5c2CoA0gdFesPztl9IYw%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="https://freepngimg.com/thumb/meditation/7-2-meditation-transparent.png" tvg-id="", Meditation Music
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="https://weloveradio.ch/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/radio_oldies_logo_640x640.png" tvg-id="", Oldies Mix
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="https://www.pinclipart.com/picdir/middle/98-986111_17-mar-logos-de-los-90s-clipart.png" tvg-id="", Radio 90s Mix
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-tTku4g-q6iE/T7qzfDLuaXI/AAAAAAAAFsI/bxJickyvn6w/s1600/Radio+Rock+logo.png" tvg-id="", Rock Radio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", XDeep Club-Dua Lipa, Coldplay, Martin Garrix & Kygo, The Chainsmokers Style - ...
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346546/ei/0uPjYYOPK9qlir4Px_-lQA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/YsBe9BFIjBs.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgIbOy4yvTqfXuDke-cIQbdEgSBg9MiYfelpFtszwJdEYCIEG5llvZbw34ngzRgVgig6aU9Ye6TjvRtCkjpQ9rsorI/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", XDeep Club-Ed Sheeran, Kygo, Dua Lipa, Avicii, Martin Garrix, The Chainsmokers...
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Chillout Lounge - Calm & Relaxing Background Music
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346548/ei/1OPjYcTHA6CD_tcP5sqdoAg/ip/104.215.117.107/id/9UMxZofMNbA.3/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgCgO_zqeJ-JBVrf7FyzQur4FmPsS9Hjc2LUHBPJINFIQCICvvMaSZCTZ6K425I8Q2GP38zL2kGFBa5z3JeJVo6h0c/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Türk" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", ATV Canlı Yayını
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Türk" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Star TV - Canlı Yayın HD
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346554/ei/2uPjYeqrHbaY2_gP9ISpqAU/ip/104.215.117.107/id/_F3fvsRAFF0.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/gcr/us/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cgcr%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgJS2HMv-Dh6IarFEk7WTBQea5vODMgOQTBxuZvq0GIy8CIQCNIlGv9gTU-OHQWxa6NZ-bCgSaUFfjpoqd1WcujpM-Fg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Türk" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Show Türk Canlı Yayın
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346554/ei/2uPjYerSOOCkir4P4KWW0AE/ip/104.215.117.107/id/rtMDAEQgyl8.7/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/gcr/us/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cgcr%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAMAZKNvrWjWuLEwwb32SG-S9iqTE12ErryHOSKfUnd34AiBfNOLv64XHOLwbifre9-LHY6auytOD0Ry5h2SWO1TZLQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Türk" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Fox tv
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", PJ Masks
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346556/ei/3OPjYf2cGYbKuwKY1a_4Aw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/6E-BS0wpPQk.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAP7_jIyI7FJxdjd0L2ZORtIJiCHBfzyXimMFRbIVYO7XAiEA6UCwUlVArIdxtB8_DPI0htTDz2SBq1jWLbDVWB9T8ZM%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", My Little Pony
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346556/ei/3OPjYc3iM_LDlu8PnfO86A4/ip/104.215.117.107/id/6Vh5dg6eCnY.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAO8-8uKbk4ll5nAAnwKPrTiGnBEnpzoQXnI5FyXAInv9AiBZXnJowX-XXvw3g7tAEqs-EIpVTQFVoimOYucGoCQQPw%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Cocomelon-Nursery Rhymes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", WB Kids
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Disney Junior- All of Minnie's Bow-Toons!
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Philippines" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", ABS-CBN Entertainment
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Philippines" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", ABS-CBN Entertainment- Kapamilya Online Live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346572/ei/7OPjYbjCLIOOir4PspeD2Aw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/_GModLlj5-c.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/gcr/us/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cgcr%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgAQT_dJWeiMhcw402r-DyajDSj5MdXe2USx2CYeTQJ4YCIHuID0U0lj-yipsRZi1upQGtnKqebwPuf0gAkohUAuK0/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="East Africa" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLTbE1EchB3HTNxl2sAvcqAJVQQsKP0Q5O33ka5cVw=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", CitizenTV Kenya
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346573/ei/7ePjYeeRDoWa2_gPxqSNiAY/ip/104.215.117.107/id/du-9KPglmCU.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAIgvSSOfXtykzBjUm0pjup1qFsR02hRyehddYTDiHbemAiAeGh8ZHN6Lyvwx-yT8Dao7ApyGG1RW_ny2ijZq8pQiZQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="East Africa" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLTgGwEvJmbMQ8tdTPh3MMOn4TzBOorTAEAaSipHV8w=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj-mo" tvg-id="", NTV Uganda UG
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346573/ei/7ePjYevpLMTKuwLLuZiYDQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/2p9aUJnmXV4.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAIOZ5iK9-LzvL2-fpkBaGb69D8i4Q_OtJJH_Ppo3EFkAAiEAlwrOX9cIw9EJuZ1ahXlImvjD5lEai8nk20aRE9wUFQY%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="East Africa" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLTG_qnW-VSIBNXd1LJRD3Ud6bYSERVFJ4GBlO0U=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", NTV Kenya Kenya
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346574/ei/7uPjYeGeC66Fir4PlKy9yAI/ip/104.215.117.107/id/Slq9bPgTOps.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24027693/txs/24027691%2C24027692%2C24027693%2C24027694%2C24067852/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMLXxQ1NVzxD0ClkSmfIrVmPatkbuPe8g_wD-UPKYzJVAiEA-RPOLgH0S4HfLYWb5rot8gzRzLdGzW1f1nRZxaG_7AA%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="East Africa" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLQkcR_PzChnpoy_CFEHOhBJoWYzJPUOryL2McEGBSQ=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", KTN News Kenya
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346574/ei/7uPjYevoKd2_lu8PmKyiuA4/ip/104.215.117.107/id/p324rtop04k.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAISIpmZJeYn82BfzwzaMoZn3kX2eTarUYDpETsIL-DerAiEAgB_XNq7s4wqsd1m8g1tlqLgia7b8D1ACgRMin_AYRuQ%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="East Africa" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLR1vkUESExM9jHkADW6pCdw0LQWXULl6vLV-4OR=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", Azam TV Tanzania
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="International News" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLSGYwgujx1VgMYEpdurTfh8NRmOehOXf16DeMKoDfw=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", DW News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346576/ei/8OPjYdfEC9mDir4P75m5sA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/V9KZGs1MtP4.6/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24129501/txs/24129500%2C24129501%2C24129502%2C24129503%2C24129504%2C24129505/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAI5mAdApqTECJuw9MDSjDDDMJ-NkbmJyLYagfxJ8e2JuAiBiF5XJcLpl8Y38z_K235A7g_h854RCEsLEzbuV0y4U-g%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="International News" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/E96qzkAoX81DQs7wqRHR4rNk1esa4quBPzda2QRzImlhoHOVgRdAN8o-S0Rb_hpygo_n4LdhwTE=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", Sky News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346576/ei/8OPjYfGIJZHIuQKOzYKgDA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/-2jyswa95c0.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgO8b3pfTGGqPZcujcCK6M0yMARM746RBiuz2MuH-mYRsCICT2UmepldDp9KEpOYnT4L9F8SpRLeXoHLznvJfoCPIQ/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="International News" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLTmW20Du3RIn5YTCud3cZUaCWDkh_XdJ3fNKf_r=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", GBNews
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346577/ei/8ePjYe3dDI3UigSNl6HQCw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/1lWHO4UcLJs.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAIeEcwxW6Gu_OxZoEhMMHZUBqGR4eYAROmqmupbAtddaAiEAmH6JaO2STg4fe2LP_0DN0_eeZf6p5ABTicH-DIw4FrA%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="International News" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLQuzkdeUxIhS3KWZrYcDf4F8k2VC6SHZt2HlyzCM_c=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", Al Jazeera English
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346577/ei/8ePjYZmgJJKTuAKRiJbgCQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/-upyPouRrB8.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgQMUWc-gpG7e3U_lp_tegMjyageeHqBorZ0w9cr2dAl4CIDZTr9WCJ5kD4oGeg-iqwVFRfJDuvkRZ7yteNqeetwVi/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Art of Melodic Techno & House Radio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Anjunadeep Radio - Deep House, Chill, House, Progressive
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346578/ei/8uPjYe3IDqiR6QKgu4uYCQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/D4MdHQOILdw.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24044260/txs/24044258%2C24044259%2C24044260%2C24044261/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgJoVpZDIGb68dJOVbNRSDYjh-nQC-gSwpQWP8V3IaMrcCIAZBu1x6_lS29aMsZA5GlzqE7pKOoT3VyBlSeTbKEmU1/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Anjunadeep Radio - Trance and Progressive
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346578/ei/8uPjYabCL4aWjATHuYTQDQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/IvuwTft-0cM.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgXfOlb7Mx7kEALCkpH49Vlc5CP6ORZBBj6_IyTXAE9T8CIQCoUWIACF-BqFbTkYma26ZaKqkisDgWragFLjC-wfcVJQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Deep House Radio
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346579/ei/8-PjYbyLEKiGlu8P5_O1yA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/5qky3L2Q6G4.270/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMddaGp2yiAqyiiSwJBqxOHS18rXQl2gF-sI7gxi3v3LAiEA0UPuvi3FtLtJrxxHPqiBxjpOwaNOwGJJuPvX1au9E50%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Radio Pop Mix
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Eirewave Radio Pop Rock Music
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Uplifting Trance Radio
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346580/ei/9OPjYaW2FfClir4PyMigYA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/WYetg3AuLE4.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgGUDyzy_0JaU4dMgToYGXvPsgk3jKzAa-Lmu5wDQi1fICIGOBKr9X-gjGeRgIFBIcEL3M5ukmnB-6oA3AtnuxAG02/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Euphoric & Uplifting Trance Radio
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346580/ei/9OPjYfGAL5HhigSm45joBQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/A5sUa0bNRj8.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAJ3sPE6gxar9SEfuVyMKOSZ7vHZqdN_cOifwICcbEOO0AiEAgsnJbtmteeSE_g3QJliQY6yUV3WyXreaWYNiwmWznQU%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Vocal Trance Radio
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346581/ei/9ePjYeD-Dc3EuwLb6a7oDA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/DPXQG8S9Xwc.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAJBjYWz6kvW69otsmcf4R9QktKLVdbIWKogCB27nYsTlAiBULMpDhpX8CjgjzAr67KaPC_DOY-O2eyf_Sffhj4Uu5w%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Chill Radio
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346581/ei/9ePjYYuHLJeriwSVhae4Cw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/21qNxnCS8WU.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgVcjrsJjG3J2-gNv5fpvVKRqmGAvzJfdoOglglSHybbECIQDeiWfA_oJMHBvUtzg1xUpLjiIqGtT3qFdxWmpX6K1G5w%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", City Gym - Alok, Alan Walker, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike - Electro Remix 2021
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346582/ei/9uPjYeCTCMmAugKBq7mwCQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/2P2AGaDbmXQ.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAN4YOs5D0TeHp1B6R7C-DNL-k4_RXCtWnnnEThxpufz7AiAGhJdvYtwQihyp7VffJSHT8ZdQ7wfvb9vzzoAQLFJsCA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", City Gym - Alan Walker & Marshmello Mix 2021 - Electro Remix 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", City Gym - Alok, Alan Walker, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike - Tomorrowland 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", The Good Life Radio - Best Relax House, Chillout, Study, Running, Gym, Happy Music
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346586/ei/-ePjYeSsOp2Dir4PkqylyAk/ip/104.215.117.107/id/36YnV9STBqc.6/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgSYQJVG4CPeRWQhy0Lfh6yu10YfUtBCD1aSTDTFeozu4CICTSLJ5UNC3mffjTaPDlG4EKQwB9_F_hdI4B9evFKdP8/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Summer Music Deep - Best Relax House, Chillout, Study, Running, Happy Music
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Deep House Radio - Vocal Deep House, Slap House, Summer Chill House, Car Music
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Tropical House Radio - Best Relax House, Chillout, Study, Running, Happy Music
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", xDeep - Ibiza Summer Mix 2021 :strawberry: Best Of Tropical Deep House Music Chill Out Mix 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Haa Taa Deep - Avicii, Jonas Blue, Kygo Alok, Robin Schulz - Chillout Lounge
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Queen Club - SUMMER MIX 2021 ↠ DUBAI, HAWAII, THAILAND, MYKONOS, ISLANDS, :palm_tree: Feeling Me
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Café del Mar Chill House Radio (Deep House · Organic House · Nu Disco)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", HQ - Bass Music :speaker:CAR BASS MUSIC 2021 :fire: BEST EDM, BOUNCE, ELECTRO HOUSE 2021
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346599/ei/B-TjYeS7I9Wa2_gPmP6x8AY/ip/104.215.117.107/id/FM6MKgVcfyo.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAIYatFVpHu3qFyhVuOVATfrM-dDGU1o52k2mRjhWbIfRAiEA208wRq5dVen8A1aW22oCpj76Ed66RQPNKhCWBHlVXc0%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", A State Of Trance Radio @A State Of Trance
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346600/ei/COTjYc_WBYOF_tcPhdyL2AM/ip/104.215.117.107/id/5lMmnfVylEE.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/spc/4ocVC_uOj14ikWB6FSVgqCmWmfJE/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAKkjGWFYdkm8baJvY26JnTK9SRFuA7yr4Qu3G8aLKCxZAiAacttyfMsme9EeQuYPw0cLm0LZRci6EkHfHy16jrCtOA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", SunMusic - NEW PARTY MIX 2021 :boom:TOMORROWLAND 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", SunMusic - :boom:TOMORROWLAND 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Tomorrowland - One World Radio
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346606/ei/DuTjYbeBDMO1ugKv86TQCw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/DY_rFed96mg.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgQKWpC7z9JNWJqYBOIdJ7oGSv17Nh43TChN088_cuHKsCIC31LAhFs9mwuwpYP0Qbwt4EpSAQ3Uebtvi6-hYLr7T_/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", N&T Party - HOT EDM Party Dance Club Remix 2021 ♫ Best Shuffle Dance Music Video ♫ New Shuffle Dance 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", N&T Party - Party Dance Club Remix 2021 ♫ Best Shuffle Dance Party Video Mix ♫ New EDM Dance Charts Songs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Late Night Lounge - Chillout House Background Music - Study, Work, Deep Focus, Relax, Car Music
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346607/ei/D-TjYZLaDIWsuQKnlKzQBA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/QBjYQhhmzO8.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAIlYJYkdKJads334s7LZNuoVijv8PWaqjrys3sPRy4U7AiEAooWBWSsiNJ1LwyZrAtAgr3BjR0EdL9YAAhYz_Fd_M2o%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", ChillYourMind - Chillout Music, Summer Music, Chill House, Deep House, Summer Mix 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", France24
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Webcams" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Wetter-Panorama – 24/7 LIVE Stream Webcams Österreich
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="France" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", France24 (French)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="France" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", RT France
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346614/ei/FuTjYdnfFZr5igS6jJ3wCA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/SjV-bNomRkY.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAISb8j6fCORGHDu9MZsAJO0gybj_JcfuQWYeDSop_jDgAiEAkUBchvsLN3d_aJacUDu904iPearQFwNS1bBUsXmpyg0%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="France" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Franceinfo
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346614/ei/FuTjYdPXMfOa2_gP9c-XoAU/ip/104.215.117.107/id/Z-Nwo-ypKtM.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgH-dpJWdJ0IKE9U81AiAndlzxdkysWAnZVgsWw4J95ucCIBLOgO1qyBtZRbE072kEKsKCLEfW6Ft_G8YuoaO9Rh_F/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="France" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", France Inter (video feed of the radio channel)
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346615/ei/F-TjYZzvEuCgir4P3_S0sA4/ip/104.215.117.107/id/5JHIgJYE-78.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAJR2Q9PPUQlylotvhYvlsEUCsdELlL7hgOFWfpARCOa1AiEA4dl-zGaJcFE8hGPFVjNVcLJJqwuAB7dBc_KkuuWIbDs%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Oddbods
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Mother goose club
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Peppa Pig
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Little Baby Bum Nursery Rhymes & Kids Songs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Hindi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", News24
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Hindi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Tez Live
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Hindi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Zee Business
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Hindi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", CNBC Awaaz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Devotional" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Live Darshan - Shree Somnath Temple, First Jyotirlinga
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Devotional" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Shree KasthBhanjandev Hanumanji Mandir Salangpur
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Devotional" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Shree Siddhivinayak Temple Live
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Devotional" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Shree Mahakaleshwar Mandir Live Stream
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Devotional" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Bhuj Mandir NarNarayan Dev Darshan
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346637/ei/LeTjYZ7xI8qMir4PnKeRkAc/ip/104.215.117.107/id/hwOBHfokS7Q.38/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/spc/4ocVC0VSChYpJRXENbbH5cyMaX-W/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgdKjIo6mDskrK_cqZqNgI4uVRASXPUJ-LQ8sxJEWLI-ICIC_sx4gBRQT-VL4LQgHBl3pYlGSYekhshtzpLtkY3wOZ/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Devotional" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Shree Dwarkadhish Temple Dwarka
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Devotional" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Live Darshan From Sri Naga Sai Mandir
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346639/ei/L-TjYduuBdOc6QKZ1LJg/ip/104.215.117.107/id/mI63qi6V_zc.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhALMvX6ouCShTPNxaYHBOJGobgLHmdcM3PWW0BjNoJUcoAiA_u6SP40ltQBDILTjETenRS2GxH_0bCId16FqMC1BJAA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Hindi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346639/ei/L-TjYe3wG8XLjATKmIKYAw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/Xg1-mF4BJEk.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhALffxaU__ICfgOL7xXQbx32vutjF3rwmt-SPgnyB8ItQAiAVxJwJicH3IGJv9GwC4ecuErUJAcihLMHdMlyjjzFIOA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Hindi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Republic Bharat
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Hindi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", ABP NEWS
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Hindi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Bharat Samachar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/660/764/png-transparent-geo-logo-pakistan-geo-tv-geo-news-television-channel-ten-miscellaneous-television-blue.png" tvg-id="", Geo News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/178/61/png-transparent-ary-news-pakistan-electronic-media-regulatory-authority-breaking-news-news-live-text-rectangle-logo-thumbnail.png" tvg-id="", ARY News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346650/ei/OuTjYc3pCYbbigT-56XACA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/uiJXIkM3MoQ.4/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24044259/txs/24044258%2C24044259%2C24044260%2C24044261/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/gcr/us/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cgcr%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAIPB8jt6lS6IyXuejCMxyrZWBCbicR4yUc6focn9iId9AiEAvibDtyKtUxTb3ZB1duuMc5B_atiatDOblytv_xvOroM%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://www.darsaal.com/media/tv/2017/11/_1/200x200/pic_1511540954.png" tvg-id="", SAMMA News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://www.darsaal.com/media/tv/2017/11/_1/200x200/pic_1511541300.png" tvg-id="", Dawn News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://www.darsaal.com/media/tv/2017/11/_1/200x200/pic_1511540898.png" tvg-id="", 92 HD News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://www.darsaal.com/media/tv/2018/05/_1/200x200/pic_1527785751.png" tvg-id="", HUM News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/1b/GNN_News_logo.png" tvg-id="", GNN News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://www.darsaal.com/media/tv/2018/08/_1/200x200/pic_1533839822.png" tvg-id="", Public News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://www.darsaal.com/media/tv/2017/11/_1/200x200/pic_1511540857.png" tvg-id="", 24 News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Dunya_News_Logo.svg/1200px-Dunya_News_Logo.svg.png" tvg-id="", Dunya News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Pakistan" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f3/BOL_News_logo.png" tvg-id="", BOL News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Taiwan News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", TVBS News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346656/ei/QOTjYYz1DueKir4Pu6iK-As/ip/104.215.117.107/id/2mCSYvcfhtc.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24027691/txs/24027691%2C24027692%2C24027693%2C24027694%2C24067852/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/ss/1/spc/4ocVC69FN0bgcH35yI0SWnQcdab1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Css%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAPSAbi8T6fLrqmi8iGaQtLxfSPpw3DYstOjGB27da4AbAiA5Igf00EXm5icVFOuhne-Y6nqxvJsFNqGXfCoIzfFBNg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Taiwan News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Taiwan TTV News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346656/ei/QOTjYc6SKeKMir4PtvqAsA8/ip/104.215.117.107/id/xL0ch83RAK8.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/spc/4ocVC3v5SRVOHnlMQeFlgut9k_sb/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgaLscgf8G7LnX6-O5bhLnlcPEHI4W5GzXhPosjhDf2fACIQCRmGms_HstiF1BUVD9XruZAIKC0N3g4HcOTI1bMDCW1Q%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Taiwan News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", SET Live News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Taiwan News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Taiwan CTV News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Taiwan News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Taiwan Formosa Live News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Taiwan News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Taiwan EBC
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346662/ei/RuTjYc3NHYSXigSQxrCAAw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/R2iMq5LKXco.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24129500/txs/24129500%2C24129501%2C24129502%2C24129503%2C24129504%2C24129505/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgM2OU7owtKuG4EY5tPhOjWNa2lJqDM8tOAeFeLvQBFgQCIDoV-Zkat5-Au6QFyd_Zu6REglBSpfhHN4x7scfnHQv6/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Taiwan News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Taiwan EBC Financial
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346663/ei/R-TjYYj8BMTKuwLLuZiYDQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/ABn_ccXn_jc.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgITBIJfaVLQ62MZJIJTzmjOiL2llkm-mSokX6NW6jz1oCICeOWj8u3hmVnW9OeTWZ6h7v_ugwhLOIxZY44g6NCPCW/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Taiwan News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", CTITV Taiwan News
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346663/ei/R-TjYdCXKO6q6QL23ZP4CQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/lu_BJKxqGnk.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAJz6-4S0DNjJOpC7JhAuIJPfF64YiPg8FazUfRKxhGRJAiEApBbTwHFzxSlrDSSL4AmC5vlZ4SIve40aVM0m1X4K9Ds%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Odisha" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", OTV 24x7
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346664/ei/SOTjYYzxC8G_uALw8qK4Bw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/bOhuCHL51Fc.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgCAl6rty_E5oVqF1IaI0DmdFAby691PFiKIp9JxU510kCIGNwIjljgiIJpox59jh74anhdagUxaXzmMzwIrg9fxHx/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Odisha" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", News 18 Odia
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346664/ei/SOTjYfPqJt6xlu8P2Ze4kAM/ip/104.215.117.107/id/rutZ55N26Ho.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAKCmD4YgpGVJweJYObvFpyVIxbTppPOUaaw0zDWoeJwyAiBc8SJZGJkNDLAo4T99_qYA67_6B-GrqrfPQ5wSZzMm2Q%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Bossa Nova Covers Popular Songs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Beautiful Relaxing Music, Peaceful Soothing Instrumental Music, "Tropical Birds" By Tim Janis
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Beautiful Relaxing Music Combined With Beautiful 4K Quality • Relax, Sleep, Meditation, Study, Yoga
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346666/ei/SuTjYdr2J8SW2_gPkNWDyAU/ip/104.215.117.107/id/HMnatoiMdjA.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24070731/txs/24070731%2C24070734/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgTcDlazRZCTQUN0zRVVpNkWoZBcYNfqTyzbBOTldK840CIQDLsjqINLH0pX2y1rD9EtPaz_bk_9UIbSrZH6R8bCAH3A%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Music" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", 4K Video (Ultra HD) Unbelievable Beauty - Amazing Nature Scenery with Beautiful Relaxing Music
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Kitten Academy Livestream
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346670/ei/TuTjYYO1MYv-jQTqnIiACw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/R7vrbiDi0Tc.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgAJr1RgEoXOiX9SiJdOz4nx5nQXmg9UWIsGH2QwKP88ICIQCYAnz_jAfVyKU37j8sELTRG7G6eABkhWqSh4-Owlnw3w%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malaysia" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Bernama TV
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Lofi" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnhGIymQGp3jRMECbTCBSRAUqi8sKbATpWowQG44CA=s48-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" tvg-id="", LOFI MUSIC LIVE 24/7
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346675/ei/U-TjYb-LJtfjigTVurbwDA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/5qap5aO4i9A.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAKY-_WOl2lb09OAEAyE1XMxIftjC5lA6VgIq6ENDIvaQAiEA7lrx7TXdUNysr081FZT1v9ohbfO2I75O5rrvj3DSi08%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", WB Kids live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346676/ei/VOTjYd3jBNeX2_gPqriMuAw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/xKDaDXRSzoM.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgECTuhbRJ72IwMD2DsY37PWAjAd9119G0OOUbPI8qQlUCIQDk9ukXIlezR9T1AKRQrUnGVy5xb2aFn4nkxidWnpjOjw%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", DC Kids live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346676/ei/VOTjYb_AHpbpNr3fuLAM/ip/104.215.117.107/id/MA8fd_oEBa4.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24027684/txs/24027683%2C24027684%2C24027685%2C24027686%2C24067850/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAKOW7X5VJ8YKjXGDbbcFaAGPL8_pXzJQThgcHzL3ZtZ5AiEA4VI1mGnWV0N2EoZCtuoI7BskSRZDig_j4eVoxt4Gi78%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Webcam" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Elysium Resort & Spa Live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346676/ei/VOTjYdnTOcT4ugKzmpGoCA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/V513W2TVk50.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgVClOTEVeWL9Dln6VBmFEhZLXBSdrFCIoKFFujU6mrcYCIQCDE82qoJcP4gI18n-MDIEolhXwMa5U1mpVh7RkMu6zpg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Makkah Live
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", MUSICOLABORASI
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Marathi" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1369214431268200453/JIj9kAeK_400x400.jpg" tvg-id="", Jai Maharashtra
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346677/ei/VeTjYZHKMI2MuAKdn5m4DQ/ip/104.215.117.107/id/_PHF0lCSpDE.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhANofc5KzRjce3WRHVfm2RMzWZwOz0I5IKowkRSXmAm0TAiB2hV3vdiQT5SYXMoSzmvJ9-RzFanfLURRn6a5jOLBhPw%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Marathi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Zee 24 Taas
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346678/ei/VuTjYfuKCOWfjQS_uoLICA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/6xtEufNUwuY.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgYozMZSKFEvVzXHB5zGStI3RsEFOK5hDw9jmwZ0KIFsMCIQDMAfSmXYpbb75t5_WYz7fsEbchUrvoC4P3Z2wT206o0g%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Marathi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", TV9 Marathi
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346678/ei/VuTjYYrCIcqMir4PnKeRkAc/ip/104.215.117.107/id/oRRLy76VVyA.8/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24070731/txs/24070731%2C24070734/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMS4UFDXxWd4IPnLnqyU6EbsYh1YxIYapvOV8j7DhwcdAiEAjEvD2_Ew5m_6xKSvT-0QN0iiZl4acwfxmTxV_8H7BZY%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Marathi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", News18 Lokmat
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346679/ei/VuTjYa3sPI_xjQS0oL_QCw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/RGF_Z-3WxGc.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24070731/txs/24070731%2C24070734/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRgIhAMFCs1kFYYv8vBsutbWSLrEkY6Dai6apOsqBoZPHcVXiAiEA93hEIQTL70nrOocYD2oV87lwahDuYGVZCkaX9sIUiqg%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Marathi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", ABP MAZHA
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346679/ei/V-TjYcq4HLazlu8PreqO8AU/ip/104.215.117.107/id/Rs3GfkHRwXA.9/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgPi_lCPcE4ualpPgl4cq47jjHvwhGqhP4XW9becov7DYCIQDlzfdelPI6xV688QqzzI8EdPZTe-bGik2YzcxuC1coCw%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Marathi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Saam TV
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346680/ei/WOTjYeWLAs6wlu8Py7yJqAs/ip/104.215.117.107/id/J19rvQz0Oqg.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgQhkmm99xXU556sbD6f2BSClZ0kc4RISQkkNlYO5o0wECIQDczU8oIE2UIEEDU9FSdtwxuQoJjn0-Jpx7CAQP5S__hA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Marathi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Lokshahi News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Marathi" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", ZoomOn News
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benmoose39/YouTube_to_m3u/main/assets/moose_na.m3u

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Devotional" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Shree Siddhivinayak Temple Live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346682/ei/WuTjYfazIdCXir4PrdySMA/ip/104.215.117.107/id/1HUdHYnW-rM.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgCZC2FAV-glIxafVhU9lTl4U0WBCMdshgJBi1TFGOX7oCIQCoVs7DvsF2ACAbiurhb7Lzt39leYiMGgfB99S-9ObYfA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kannada" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", News 18 Kannada
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346683/ei/W-TjYY2CBJO2uwKDxZLoAw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/2Mdjqa3dPD8.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/spc/4ocVC2dTo71qLWso-fFCwh6GpXL2/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgHnUnqj4vMfmrASYISPvmvpi4QGZfYKAUXLJq__zLlKQCIQCq8G2zemrPY4GTESe4gGUx1P1R22EJkpFATo-L2m4PEQ%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="English" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Wion
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346683/ei/W-TjYaewI9eb2_gPnqWTyAM/ip/104.215.117.107/id/1gVvSfBxdEQ.42/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRAIgP5sQwrOEcLyQp9w4Mp2fEAgjYXVrFIAxAqYRvvH5vY8CIE03hZQc0RL1BOXWE1pdw1qd53Q8V6eH_oMNqvuuXNzN/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Radio Stations" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", Molek FM live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346684/ei/XOTjYd-GC5bpNr3fuLAM/ip/104.215.117.107/id/It3415lOIUU.2/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24129502/txs/24129500%2C24129501%2C24129502%2C24129503%2C24129504%2C24129505/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAOURJOh9oOX7O0gyEdwoLWIfwQ20chpXr5v0OIAd7aAeAiATMQ_shEa3rSXTDbfRAifp0J3Tay-PVM9Wi9gDoqe2HA%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", CGTN News Live
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346684/ei/XOTjYeCaJI_xjQS0oL_QCw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/GgPvrIdzFoM.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/tx/24129502/txs/24129500%2C24129501%2C24129502%2C24129503%2C24129504%2C24129505/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Ctx%2Ctxs%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIgJg5jOQFtJv4cNkUhSQ9K2SRwoC_QBXHNcnE_dsgtpLECIQCua3q_cmgAp-ArN-BLGtAA1gjjYyFY8NQJxTO8QZUB9g%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="" tvg-id="", RT
https://manifest.googlevideo.com/api/manifest/hls_variant/expire/1642346685/ei/XOTjYZyqO8rmigTf25noCw/ip/104.215.117.107/id/V0I5eglJMRI.1/source/yt_live_broadcast/requiressl/yes/hfr/1/playlist_duration/30/manifest_duration/30/maudio/1/vprv/1/go/1/nvgoi/1/keepalive/yes/fexp/24001373%2C24007246/dover/11/itag/0/playlist_type/DVR/sparams/expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Chfr%2Cplaylist_duration%2Cmanifest_duration%2Cmaudio%2Cvprv%2Cgo%2Citag%2Cplaylist_type/sig/AOq0QJ8wRQIhAOJTyAOYowYwfhKCDgCEUnetz-DLdOiJwCimKdT3znIbAiBc_HguZwJ-CBJmsDMbUsJkTscMURSBRNQN-AJeE8tgcg%3D%3D/file/index.m3u8



